<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en-US">
<!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.-->

<head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/">
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/>
<title xml:lang="en-US&#10;">- no title specified</title>
<meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US&#10;"/>

<meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US&#10;" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/>
<meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/>

<meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2026-03-14T18:40:37.767000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/>

<meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2026-03-14T18:52:59.649000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/>
<meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="&#10;" xml:lang="en-US&#10;"/>


<meta name="xsl:vendor" content="libxslt"/>
<link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/>
<link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/>
<link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/>
<link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/>

<style>
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:10pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    p { white-space: nowrap; }
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .ta1 { writing-mode:horizontal-tb; direction:ltr; }
    .Default { font-size:10pt; font-family:'Liberation Sans'; }
    .co1 { width:1.7689in; }
    .co2 { width:0.889in; }
    .ro1 { height:0.178in; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS:
     { } */
</style>
</head>

<body dir="ltr">
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="ta1"><colgroup><col width="196"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/><col width="99"/></colgroup><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:left;width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>spoonacular_recipe_id</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>title</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>instructions</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>servings</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>ready_in_minutes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>image_url</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>created_at</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>updated_at</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>13073</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Seared Ahi Tuna Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>52</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/13073.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:03.121729+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:03.222+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>13265</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Collard Greens With Bacon</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>264</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/13265.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:30.498787+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:30.635+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>53626</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Elegant, Intimate Thanksgiving</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>I did a terrible job of getting this posted during Thanksgiving. We had a small holiday dinner with friends before we all had to spend our actual holiday with extended family and the big, potluck fun for that day. For the four adults and three kids here, we could cook a special menu, a bit less traditional and upscale. If you have a small gathering, this is a great alternative Thanksgiving menu to try.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>For the salad course, I recommend the Fall Kale Salad, and for dessert, the ultra-easy (make ahead) and stunning Pumpkin Panna Cotta with Bourbon Pecan Toffee.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Crispy Braised Duck with Cranberry-Port Sauce</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Crispy Braised Duck </p>

<p>2 Ducks </p>

<p>1 onion, peeled and quartered </p>

<p>1 clementine, halved, peel on</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 ribs celery, roughly chopped </p>

<p>salt and pepper</p>
<p> </p>
<p>¼ cup mulling spices </p>

<p>1 gallon apple juice</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Cranberry-Port Sauce </p>

<p>1-1/2 cups of the cooled, skimmed cooking liquid </p>

<p>2 cups port wine </p>

<p>1 cup balsamic vinegar </p>

<p>1/3 cup cranberry jelly</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Prepare the Ducks:</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Starting from the large cavity end, gently work your fingers between the skin and meat to loosen skin from the ducks, especially the breast as much as possible. Try not to tear the skin. Prick the skin all over with a fork to allow the fat to drain when cooking.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Stuff the duck cavities with the orange, celery and onion. Salt and pepper them lightly.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>On the stove, bring the apple juice and mulling spices to a boil. Pour the boiling liquid over the ducks to tighten the skin. The liquid need to come up at least halfway to two-thirds up the sides of the ducks. You can add chicken stock if you need more liquid. Cover the pan tightly with foil.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Braise ducks: </p>

<p>Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F.  Braise for one hour, remove from oven and turn ducks over, cover again and braise for another hour.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Chill ducks: </p>

<p>Remove from oven. Transfer ducks to a large platter, draining any juices inside ducks back into pan. Pour the cooking liquid from the pan through a strainer into a large bowl. Place the ducks back in the roasting pan and chill both the large bowl of cooking liquid and the ducks, uncovered, at least 4 hours. You want to firm up the duck before the roasting step, and also solidify the fat on the cooking liquid.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Make Sauce:</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Remove the bowl of cooking liquid from the refrigerator and skim off the fat. Measure 1 and a half cups of the liquid and add to a large sauce pan on the stove. Add two cups port, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, and 1/3 cup cranberry jelly, and 1 Tbs. Dijon mustard. Whisk and bring to a simmer, uncovered. Reduce over low heat until you get a syrup that coats the spoon, about a half an hour.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Roast ducks: </p>

<p>Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 500°F.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Remove the roasting pan with ducks from the refrigerator and place in oven. Roast ducks until skin is crisp, about 20-25 minutes.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>When done, transfer ducks to a platter and let stand at least 10 minutes before serving. Glaze lightly with some of the sauce, serve with remaining sauce.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Pumpkin Risotto</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil</p>
<p> </p>
<p>1 cup diced pumpkin, ¼-inch dice</p>
<p> </p>
<p>4 cups chicken broth</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 shallots, minced</p>
<p> </p>
<p>1-1/4 cups Arborio rice</p>
<p> </p>
<p>1/2 cup white wine</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2/3 cup grated Gruyere cheese</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Salt and freshly ground black pepper</p>
<p> </p>
<p>On stove, or in a steamer, steam the pumpkin until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside, keeping warm. </p>

<p>Heat the chicken broth in a small saucepan, and keep it warm over low heat.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>In a large pot, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium-low heat and sweat the shallot until translucent, about 5 minutes. Increase the heat to medium-high. Add the rice, and stir until it is evenly coated with oil, and the grains just begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add the wine and cook, stirring often, until the rice absorbs the liquid, about 5 minutes. Stir 2 cups of the warm chicken broth into the pot. Now you’re free from stirring for about 8 minutes, until the rice absorbs the liquid. After this step, you need to start stirring frequently.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add another cup of the warm chicken broth to the pot and cook, stirring frequently, until all the liquid is absorbed, about five minutes. Add just 1/4 cup of broth next, and cook, stirring constantly, until all the liquid is absorbed, a few more minutes. Taste the rice; if it has reached al dente texture, you’re done. If not, add another 1/4 cup of broth and cook, stirring constantly, until all the liquid is absorbed. Repeat until the rice is done; you may not need all of the broth.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Mix in the Gruyere, gently fold in the cooked pumpkin, and sage. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve alongside the Crispy Duck, drizzle with the Cranberry-Port sauce.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Serves 4-6.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>26</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/53626.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:55.3395+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:55.483+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>157375</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Steamy Creamy Mushroom Risotto</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fry the chicken and the mushrooms and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fry the rice in a pan in the oil for a minute. Start boiling water and prepare the chicken broth in a separate saucepan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Start adding chicken broth water and the wine little by little to the rice and simmer at medium heat until the rice is cooked.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the rice is done, add the butter, the chicken, and the mushrooms and blend them in. Add the parmesan, salt, and pepper and stir one last time before you serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>35</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/157375.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:43.272917+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:43.374+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>157426</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Stuffed Shells with Beef and Broc</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;1. Steam your frozen broccoli and cut it into smaller pieces if necessary.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;2. Fry the onion in a hot skillet until translucent. While the onion is frying, go ahead and start boiling your pasta shells. I cooked mine half the recommended time, but they have to at least be soft enough to stuff!&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;3. Add the beef to the skillet with the onions. Drain your pasta when it's ready.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;4. Once the beef is browned and crispy (to your liking), add the tomato sauce, salt, pepper, and herbs to the skillet. Turn the heat to low.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;5. Mix the cream cheese with any fresh or dried herbs you like.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;6. Pour your steamed, chopped broccoli into a casserole dish.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;7. Stuff the shells with the cream cheese/herb mixture. Place the stuffed shells on top of the broccoli in the casserole dish. If you run out of cream cheese while stuffing, fill any remaining shells with some of the beef/tomato mixture.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;8. Once all the shells are stuffed and in the casserole dish, pour the meat and tomato mixture over the shells evenly. Cover with the shredded cheddar cheese.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;9. Bake at 176 C/350 F for 15 minutes or until the cheese has melted and the shells are soft (but not too soft ;))&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>60</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/157426-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:53.467309+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:53.564+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>157960</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Portobello Baked Eggs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt; Turn the oven to broil. Clean mushroom caps and, if desired, lightly scrape the gills out of the underneath of each cap. Brush mushrooms on both sides with olive oil , and season with salt and pepper. Place gill side down on a sheet pan and cook for about 3-5 minutes. Remove from the oven.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; &lt;br&gt; Turn the oven down to 350°F. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Turn the mushrooms gill side up and start building.  First, place the spinach into the cap building up the sides and creating a well in the middle, if necessary, to accommodate the egg. Add some goat cheese and Carefully break one egg into the well of each of the mushroom caps.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Now place them back into your 350°F oven and bake for 15 to 17 minutes depending on how well done or sunny-side-up you like your eggs. Serve immediately.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>20</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/157960-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:37.08327+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:37.144+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>157961</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kale Rolls</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt; Bring a pan of lightly salted water to a boil. Dip each kale leave into the water for a few seconds until it become tender enough to roll. It will turn a nice bright shade of green which I used as my indicator. Quickly remove from the water and drain.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Saute onion and garlic in a large skillet until the onions are opaque, about 3 - 5 minutes. allow to cool until it is able to be handled. Then add meat, salt and pepper to taste, and rice and mix until combined being careful not to overwork the meat blend so it doesn't get too dense and will stay tender during cooking.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Preheat the oven to 350°F.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Next, add a bit of sauce, just enough to cover the bottom of a 9" x 13" baking pan as you will need the rest to cover the rolls when you are finished.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Now take 1 leaf, bottom (vein) side up, and place about 1/4 cup of meat into the bottom 3/4 of the leaf and roll it up tucking in the sides to secure the meat similar to rolling a burrito.  If the leaves are too small to tuck in the edges, as was the case with mine, no bother, I left them open and it turned out equally as fine with half the work.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Repeat until all the meat and leaves have been used. If you have extras of either, I tuck the meat in between the rows and/or layer the extra leaves on top of the other cabbage rolls and then top with the tomato sauce and petite diced tomatoes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for about 90 minutes or until a thermometer stuck into the center of the largest roll reaches 160°F.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>90</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/157961-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:13.409369+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:13.504+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>157963</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Meatball Vegetable Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;In a small sauce pan spray with non-stick cooking spray, add onions and cook until softened.  Add juice, vegetables, onions, kale and stock to slow cooker for 4-6 hours, add meatballs and cooked pasta, salt and pepper, cook additional 15-20 minutes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;mix all ingredients, roll into small balls and bake for 20-30 minutes or until golden&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/157963-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:01.656811+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:01.799+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>264382</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beginner's Quinoa Cakes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;I made these the very first time I made quinoa. They reminded us of potato pancakes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;1. Cook the quinoa according to package instructions.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;2. Mix the cooked quinoa with the eggs, Parmesan cheese, herbs, spices, salt, and pepper. Form patties.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;3. Heat olive oil in a large skillet until hot.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;4. Carefully place the patties in the hot oil. Do not attempt to flip them until they seem pretty browned on the bottom or they might fall apart.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;5. Cook until both sides are nicely browned.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;6. Serve with tomato sauce, fresh herbs, or whatever you like. This recipe serves 2 as a main dish or about 4 as a side dish (make the patties a bit smaller so you get 8 instead of 6).&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>60</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/264382-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:30.964175+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:31.104+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>470064</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beefy Coconutty Curry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;1. Mix the ground beef with 1 inch of chopped ginger and 1 clove of chopped garlic. Season with half of the curry powder, garam masala, and chili powder. Add salt and pepper.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;2. Start preparing the basmati rice according to package instructions.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;3. Steam the frozen broccoli and peas.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;4. Heat a tablespoon of coconut oil in a skillet. Form small patties from the ground beef and add to the medium-hot skillet.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;5. Once the patties are cooked through, transfer to a plate and keep warm.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;6. If you buy coconut milk without any stabilizers/emulsifiers your coconut milk will separate so that the coconut cream can be scooped out leaving the water behind. This is important so you can create a thick sauce in the pan by only adding the coconut cream and a little of the water bit by bit until the desired consistency is reached. Add soy sauce and the rest of the ginger, garlic, and spices.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;7. Return the patties to the pan and coat with sauce.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;8. Serve with fresh cilantro and the Basmati rice with the vegetables mixed in.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/470064.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:51.881723+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:51.984+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>511697</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Morning Banana Split</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cut banana lengthwise in half.Top with yogurt, berries and granola.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/511697.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:25.874928+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:26.005+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>511728</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pasta Margherita</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Whisk oil, garlic, basil, salt together in large bowl. Add tomatoes and mozzarella then gently toss to combine; set aside.Cook pasta according to package directions for al dente. Drain well.Add pasta to tomato mixture and gently toss to combine.Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/511728.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:18.57186+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:18.717+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>511748</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Breakfast Tacos</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook potato in microwave. Slice and cut into thin strips.In a small saut pan heat butter over medium heat. Add potato to pan and lightly brown potato, season with salt and pepper.Add eggs to potato. Stir to scramble and combine.Wrap tortillas in a damp paper towel. Heat in microwave for about 45 seconds.Place equal amounts in each tortilla and top with shredded cheese.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/511748.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:20.954535+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:21.052+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>622825</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tortilla Burger Loco Vaca</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the tortillas in the oven at about 80°C just to get them warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fry the strips of bacon until crispy, then put the bacon in the oven to keep it warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spice the ground beef with salt, pepper, and cumin.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Form 2 large patties and start frying the patties in a well heated pan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice the avocado and the red onion.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Get the tortillas out of the oven and prepare them with the onion, avocado, bacon, cheddar, cilantro, and the patties.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wrap it all up and then wrap your teeth around it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>40</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/622825.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:24.178217+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:24.277+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>631757</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Savory Slow Roasted Tomatoes with Filet of Anchovy</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 150 C or 280 F</p>

<p>Cut the top 3rd off the tomatoes &amp; discard top.</p>

<p>Place tomatoes on a baking tray, lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle generously with salt, pepper &amp; herbs. Drizzle with a generous amount of olive oil.  Place in the oven for 4-6 hours depending on the size of your tomatoes. Every once in a while as you pass the kitchen, baste the tomatoes in the juices &amp; olive oil in the pan.</p>

<p>Once the tomatoes shrivel up a bit &amp; start to look sun-dried, they are ready. They should still hold their shape &amp; not become mush.</p>

<p>Remove from oven, top each tomato with a whole anchovy filet. Serve warm or room temperature with olive oil from the baking pan drizzled over the top.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/631757.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:31.430689+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:31.532+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>631807</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Toasted" Agnolotti (or Ravioli)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celsius (350 F) for a fan-forced oven or 200 degrees Celsius (392 F) for a convection oven.</p>

<p>Line a baking tray with baking paper.</p>

<p>Spray a thin layer of olive oil (any oil of your choice will do) on the baking paper. Set aside.</p>

<p>Crack and beat an egg on a plate. On a separate plate  add breadcrumbs.</p>

<p>Dip agnolotti in the beaten egg first.</p>

<p>Then coat it with breadcrumbs.  Repeat step 5 and 6 with the remaining agnolotti until egg and breadcrumbs are finished.</p>

<p>Place the crumbed agnolotti onto a baking tray. Once youve completed step 5 and 6, spray another thin layer of oil over the crumbed aganolotti. Bake the crumbed agnolotti for 25 minutes or until golden brown.</p>

<p>Serve immediately with pasta sauce or ketchup.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/631807.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:16.414134+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:16.507+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>631814</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>$50,000 Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the patties:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine the chuck, basil, sun-dried tomatoes, onion, garlic, and salt in a large bowl, handling as little as possible. Shape into 2 patties to fit the bun size. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the fennel:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grate 1/2 teaspoons zest from the lemons. Put the fennel rings in a medium-sized bowl (I used half a fennel bulb) and juice the lemon over half the fennel and toss to coat all the fennel rings. Add oil and season with salt. Put the fennel in a grill basket and grill, shaking the basket occasionally, until soft, 10 to 12 minutes. (I did this on the stove top) Transfer the fennel to a sheet of foil, sprinkle with the lemon zest, and wrap to keep warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat a large, heavy nonstick fire-proof skillet on the grill. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Wrap in foil to keep warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the topping:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain off the bacon fat from the skillet, wipe out the skillet with paper towels, and set the skillet back on the grill. Add the walnuts to the skillet and toast until golden and fragrant; set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Whisk the vinegar with the oil in a small bowl and season with salt, to taste. Combine the figs, arugula, and toasted walnuts in a medium bowl. Toss with just enough dressing to coat. (I like a tart vinaigrette so I use a 1:1 ratio for the oil and vinegar)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, until done to preference, 5 to 7 minutes on each side for medium. Place the cheese slices on the patties during the last 3 minutes of grilling. Place the buns, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly during the last 2 minutes of grilling.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To assemble the burgers, place equal portions of the warm grilled fennel on each bun bottom, followed by a cheese-topped patty, 2 bacon slices, and an equal portion of the fig-arugula topping. (I would use a lot of the fig topping) Add the bun tops and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/631814.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:21.930903+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:22.064+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>631834</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10-Minute Bean Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Add the canned tomatoes, kidney beans, tomato puree and thyme to a large saucepan. Cut 5 cherry tomatoes into quarters and crush 2 garlic gloves - add them to the pan.</p>

<p>Add the juice of half a lemon along with salt and pepper to taste.</p>

<p>Turn on the heat. Bring the stew to a boil before turning down the heat to allow it to simmer for 8-10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/631834.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:38.040966+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:38.195+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632017</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Agedashi Tofu</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut tofu into 12 cubes. Place cornstarch on a plate or in a shallow bowl and dredge tofu in it, coating thoroughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat enough oil so that tofu will be half-way submerged. Fry tofu in hot oil for 3 to 5 minutes on each side, or until crispy. Drain on paper towels.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle green onions over tofu and drizzle with hoisin sauce. Serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632017.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:47.294094+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:47.392+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632046</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Alaskan Smoked Salmon Nicoise Salad With Alouette Crumbled Feta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare the dressing with the olive oil, chopped basil, garlic, salt, pepper and vinegar, Refrigerate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Quarter the tomatoes.  Thinly slice the eggs.  Halve the cucumber and cut it into thin slices.  Slice the onion into thing rings&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Instead of mixing the ingredients together, which you can do, I like to arrange them on a salad place for clor and appearance.  Sprinkle the cheese on top, drizzle with the dressing and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632046.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:42.352365+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:42.505+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632050</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Albondigas (Meatball Soup)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 350 degrees.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine beef, onion,  cup celery, garlic, cumin, eggs, rice, parsley, oregano, and bread crumbs, and salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix well. Form into 30 small meatballs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake on baking sheet at 350 degrees for 20 minutes, set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the potatoes in boiling water and cook until tender, but not too soft. Drain and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat olive oil in a large stock pot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add carrots,  cup celery, and garlic.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saut for about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the tomatoes, chili flakes, and the potatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the chicken stock and season to taste with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add meatballs and simmer on low heat until ready to serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve hot and garnish with cilantro and lime and corn tortillas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632050.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:28.247884+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:28.35+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632297</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Amatriciana</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a pot heat the olive oil, add the clove of garlic &amp; onions on low heat season with salt &amp; chili flakes as you like. Saute slowly without color for 10 minutes. As you stir try to mash up the onions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add guanciale or pancetta cook for an additional 5 - 6 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove garlic clove &amp; add tomatoes. Bring to a simmer for 10 minutes. Add a little pasta water if it gets too thick.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Toss with fresh cooked pasta (bucatini is best) &amp; Parmesan cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632297.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:33.729804+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:33.822+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632342</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>An American Beef Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place the meat, egg, garlic shallot, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix through with your hands. Do this until everything is as even as possible - you wouldn't want to get a mouthful of onion or garlic!  Divide the burger mix into 4 equal parts.  Form each burger by rolling it into a ball in your hands and flatten a little, but keep them nice and thick.</p>

<p>Heat the oil in a heavy bottomed pan, when hot, place the burgers in the pan. The heat should be medium/hot.</p>

<p>The cooking time will depend on how thick you make your burger and how you like them cooked. I find that my burgers take about 4 to 6 minutes on each side for a burger that is about 3cm thick (just over an inch) for a medium result.</p>

<p>When the burgers are cooked, lift them out of the pan and set aside. Take your burger buns and place them face down in the pan, toast them in the burger flavour for a minute or two on each side.</p>

<p>To serve, place the little gem leaves on your bread, then the tomato, the burgers on top, lay over a couple of slices of pickle and some sliced raw onion on top.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632342.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:10.841439+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:10.975+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632353</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Andouille Sausage and Potato Hash</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat the oven to 425. Toss the potato, peppers, and onions with 1 teaspoon canola oil.</p>

<p>Spread onto a baking sheet. Sprinkle with garlic salt and pepper. Roast for 10 minutes.</p>

<p>Add the sliced sausage to the pan and roast for an additional 10 minutes.</p>

<p>Sprinkle with a dash of cayenne pepper.</p>

<p>Garnish with finely chopped scallions if desired. Enjoy!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632353.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:11.930165+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:12.021+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632741</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Arroz De Galinha (Reinvented)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slice the chicken breasts into strips and place in a bowl. Wash hands and cutting surface thoroughly.</p>

<p>Crush and mince the garlic cloves in another bowl. Add in a pinch or so of each herb/spice and the vinegar and mix well with a fork. Put the marinade in the bowl with the chicken and stir to coat the chicken.</p>

<p>Wrap with plastic wrap and place in the fridge until ready to use.</p>

<p>In a large skillet over medium high heat, add in the olive oil. Next, add onion and red bell pepper, sauteing until the onion is translucent, about a minute or so.</p>

<p>Add in the chicken and cook until browned on the outside. Reduce heat to medium.</p>

<p>Toss in the pepper flakes, salt &amp; pepper, zest of the lemon, half the cilantro and stir. Remove the chicken/onion/pepper mixture from the pan and place in a bowl, cover with foil and set aside.</p>

<p>Slice the chorio at an angle and place in the hot skillet and allow to cook until it gets crispy bits around the edges. Remove from pan and add to the chicken bowl.</p>

<p>Pour the wine into the pan to de-glaze it, lightly scraping the yummy bits off the bottom of the pan as it cooks. Add in the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer and allow to cook 5 minutes or so.</p>

<p>Toss the chicken/chorio/veggie mix back into the pan along with the juice of the lemon. Stir well and again allow to simmer for about 5 minutes or until youre certain the chicken is cooked through. Remove from heat.</p>

<p>Spoon the chicken mixture into the rice bowls and top with cilantro.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632741.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:21.567286+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:21.693+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632819</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Asian Chickpea Lettuce Wraps</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Drain and rinse both cans of chickpeas.</p>

<p>Place chickpeas in a food processor and puree in 5-10 second increments. You do not want to turn the chickpeas into a mash, you simply want to grind them into pieces.</p>

<p>Add 1 tbsp of olive oil to a pan and heat.</p>

<p>Add the chickpeas and let cook over medium heat for 3-4 minutes, continuously stirring so as not to burn.</p>

<p>Add remaining ingredients, except basil, and stir. Cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring occassionally.</p>

<p>If using basil leaves, add them and cook for 1-2 minutes, stirring the basil in and allowing it to wilt.</p>

<p>Wash lettuce leaves and pat dry.</p>

<p>Spoon a healthy serving of chickpea mixture onto lettuce wraps and serve immediately. Drizzle with sirachi sauce if desired.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632819.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:22.518235+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:22.66+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632869</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Asian Pork Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the marinade, mix together all the ingredients with the exception of the pork.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice the pork into 1" strips and mix into the marinade, coating completely. Cover and place in fridge for 1 to 2 hours.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;After marinating, cook up in a preheated wok set to medium high heat for 4 to 5 minutes or until cooked through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the dressing, mix together all the listed ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Assemble salad with desired toppings including pork, edamame, mandarin oranges, snow peas, carrots, broccoli, red pepper, and chow mein noodles.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour dressing over the top of the salad and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632869.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:36.956896+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:37.108+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>632908</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Asparagus &amp; Ham Spirals</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pre-heat the oven to 375.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Start you asparagus on the stove top, place the trimmed asparagus in a skillet and cover with water. Bring to a  boil and reduce to a simmer for 3-5 minutes. When completed, drain and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Open the can of dough, instead of triangles pair two triangles to create a rectangle. You'll have four rectangles. Spread some cream cheese over the dough almost to the edges. Next lay down a few pieces of deli ham, top with asparagus stalks. Roll the dough over long ways and gently press to seal the edge. {Try to roll these tightly, the asparagus will fall out otherwise!}&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;With a sharp knife, slice the rolled spirals into 7-8 pieces. Place the pieces about 1 inch apart on a greased baking sheet. Melt about a tablespoon of butter and combine with a sprinkle of garlic powder. Brush or drizzle the butter over the tops of the spiral. Bake in the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until golden brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/632908.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:58.422281+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:58.553+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633028</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Aubergine With Ground Beef</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Peel aubergine and cut into thin slices. Brown ground beef; add diced onion.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 1/2 cup bread crumbs, tomato sauce, parsley, salt, pepper and 2 tablespoons grated cheese. Layer aubergine, ground beef mixture, aubergine, ground beef, etc. Cook in 350 degree oven for 45 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633028.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:47.756615+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:47.85+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633119</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado &amp; Tomato Salad Topped with Grilled Shrimp</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the corn tortillas on a baking sheet (or straight onto the rack like I did haha) and bake for about 8-10 mins in a 375 degree oven or until golden and crisp.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the salad, mix together the avocado, tomato, juice of a lime, cilantro, a few sprinkles of garlic powder, salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse the shrimp, pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill 2-3 mins per side on a hot grill. Layer it up... corn tortilla, salad and those gorgeous shrimp. Finish it off with a squeeze of fresh lime juice!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;*****&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Now for the salad. We had this for lunch the following day. You can heat the shrimp up a bit in a hot pan or serve cold in this salad. The base is baby arugula, topped with half a sliced avocado, the grilled shrimp, plum tomato and a slice of turkey bacon (my fav, Applegate brand turkey bacon! No nitrates or nitrites added). Dressed super simply with lime juice and a drizzle of olive oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633119.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:20.960669+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:21.058+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633120</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado and Cannellini Bean Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Throw all of the ingredients together in a container. Measure out the dressing and place in a plastic baggie. When ready to eat pour in the dressing, shake and enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633120.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:02.386961+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:02.48+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633144</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Nests</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook hash browns according to direction.</p>

<p>Cut bacon slices into thin strips and bake or fry as you prrefere.</p>

<p>Make deviled eggs; mix a bit of mayonaise or cream cheese with egg yolks and divide equally into the egg white halves.</p>

<p>Cut avocados in half, remove seed and peel.</p>

<p>Place hash browns on plate and sprinkle with bacon.</p>

<p>Place eggs into seed cavity of avocados.</p>

<p>Rest avocados on the bed of hash browns and bacon.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633144.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:04.455497+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:04.607+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633157</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Shrimp</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut an avocado in half and remove pit. Thaw or cook shrimp. Drain shrimp well and put in avocado halves and arrange the rest around the avocados. Place a dollop of mayo on the plate. Place a splash of cocktail sauce on top of mayo. Sprinkle everything lightly with paprika.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633157.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:48.887375+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:48.99+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633160</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Toast With Caramelized Sweet Onion, Grape Tomatoes, Fresh Garden Chives and Chive Blossoms</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Saute sliced onions and tomatoes with olive oil over medium high heat for 5-8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.</p>

<p>Toast two slices of bread in a toaster.</p>

<p>Evenly smear avocado onto each slice of toast. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Top toast with onions and tomatoes.</p>

<p>Garnish with fresh chives and chive blossoms.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633160.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:06.481667+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:06.632+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633165</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Tomato &amp; Mozzarella Panini</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Top 4 slices of bread with a layer of mozzarella, tomato, avocado slices and another layer of mozzarella.</p>

<p>Spread a little butter on both outsides of the sandwiches and grill until bread is toasted and cheese is melted.</p>

<p>Serve warm and enjoy!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633165.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:49.403353+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:49.506+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633167</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Tomato &amp; Mozzarella Panini/sandwiches</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Top 4 slices of bread with a layer of mozzarella, tomato, avocado slices and another layer of mozzarella.</p>

<p>Spread a little butter on both outsides of the sandwiches and grill until bread is toasted and cheese is melted.</p>

<p>Serve warm and enjoy!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633167.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:01.547304+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:01.697+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633505</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Baked Cherry Tomatoes With Spaghetti</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cut tomatoes and put them in non stick baking dish big enough to put in the spaghetti later. Season with whole basil leaves, thyme sprigs, salt and freshly ground pepper. Drizzle on olive oil and put in oven. If you want you can Blanche the tomatoes and remove the skin but it is not necessary.</p>

<p>Bake tomatoes in 200 C (390 F) oven for about 1 hour until they are slightly brown.</p>

<p>Cook and drain spaghetti and put them into baked tomatoes. Mix spaghetti and tomatoes thoroughly</p>

<p>Serve immediately.</p>

<p>NUTRITIONAL VALUES (1,4 to 1,6 PAL which corresponds to moderate activity of an office job)</p>

<p>WOMAN Calories 42%% RDA, Protein 59%% RDA, Fats 43%% RDA, Cholesterol 0%% RDA, Carbs 46%% RDA, Sugar 21%% RDA</p>

<p>MAN Calories 34%% RDA, Protein 47%% RDA, Fats 32%% RDA, Cholesterol 0%% RDA, Carbs 36%% RDA, Sugar 17%% RDA.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633505.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:07.164468+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:07.247+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633752</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Baked Ravioli &amp; Meat Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Brown the beef and the pepper, onion and garlic in olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed sauce pan.</p>

<p>When browned add the tomato paste, Italian seasonings, sugar, salt, pepper, and bay leaves. Let cook for a few minutes until the tomato paste is heated through.</p>

<p>Add the crushed tomatoes and a half of the tomato paste can full of water. Simmer for 25-30 minutes. Taste and re-season halfway through with salt, pepper and herbs if needed and again before serving.</p>

<p>While the sauce is simmering cook the ravioli just until they begin to rise to the top and float. You do not need to cook them all the way through. Drain and toss with a tablespoon of butter or olive oil.</p>

<p>Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Remove bay leaves from sauce. Toss a liberal amount of sauce with ravioli. Reserve any excess sauce for serving.</p>

<p>Pour into a greased 9x13 casserole pan. Sprinkle top with mozzarella. Bake about 25 minutes or until bubbly.</p>

<p>Best served with fresh shredded Parmesan, garlic bread, extra sauce and a green salad.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633752.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:08.744376+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:08.886+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633758</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Baked Rice Custard</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring water and salt to the boil. Gradually add rice. Boil rapidly uncovered 10 minutes; drain well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Beat milk, eggs, sugar and vanilla together, add rice and saltanas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour into ovenproof dish. Stand in baking dish with enough water to come half way up the sides of dish. Bake in moderate oven (350F) for 50 minutes or until mixture is set.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve hot or cold.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve hot or cold with cream and poached or fresh fruits.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633758.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:10.606151+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:10.755+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>633959</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Balti Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large heavy skillet or wok, heat oil over medium high heat and cook chicken until pieces are no longer pink. Add the chopped bell peppers and onions to the pan and stir fry 3-5 minutes. Add the Balti sauce and simmerabout 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve over cooked white rice, garnished with chopped fresh cilantro.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NOTES : "Balti- basically, a stir-fried curry- originated with a nomadic people inIndia. Now it's the most popular dish at hot Indian restaurants inEngland. "Balti houses" are more popular in England than in India, wherethe cuisine is so regional. It supposedly comes from the 'Baltistan'region in northern India- it's now part of north Pakistan- where the peoplewere nomadic and carried minimal cooking equipment."&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make it lowfat. We had this for dinner last night- it was very good and not as spicyas you might imagine. I froze the remaining Balti sauce, and next time,instead of using chicken, I will substitute garbanzo beans and/or potatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/633959.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:49.684552+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:49.782+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634048</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Banana Chocolate Pudding</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In food processor puree bananas and avocado.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add in cocoa powder and peanut butter...puree till mixed in.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Scoop into bowl or individual serving dishes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chill and ENJOY!!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634048.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:37.629109+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:37.727+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634320</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Barbecued Pulled Beef Sandwiches</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a rimmed cookie sheet with parchment paper. Lay bacon strips over parchment. Bake pan for 10-15 minutes, or until bacon is crispy. Remove from oven and let cool on pan. Reduce oven heat to 250 degrees and leave oven door open while you dress the beef.</p>

<p>Drizzle olive oil over the bottom of a medium roasting pan. Place meat in roasting pan, and coast with sugar (you want kind of a thin crust). Season generously with salt and pepper and cover with onions. Tent pan with aluminum foil.</p>

<p>Roast meat for 3 to 4-1/2 hours, or until beef is fork tender and can be pulled apart easily. Remove from oven, and set aside to cool slightly. Meanwhile, chop bacon into small-dice bits.</p>

<p>When meat can be handled, shred apart and add barbecue sauce and bacon. Mix until evenly coated and bacon is distributed. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and add more barbecue sauce if you will. Serve hot on toasted buns or Hawaiian rolls.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634320.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:17.588637+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:17.726+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634454</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Basque Paella</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Calories per serving: 221. Preparation time: 35 minutes. Cooking time: 45 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. In large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat, combine oils and cook chicken pieces until just opaque. Remove chicken to platter. Reserve skillet.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Soak rice in the boiling water for 10 minutes, then drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. In reserved skillet saute onion over medium heat until soft (about 5 minutes). Add garlic, bell peppers, and tomato and continue sauteing for 5 more minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4. Add snapper, soaked rice with water, stock, salt substitute, saffron, and oregano. Bring to a boil, then lower heat to medium. Cover pot and let simmer until rice is tender and has absorbed liquid (about 15 minutes).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634454.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:05.333291+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:05.468+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634509</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bbq Pork Steak</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Marinate pork steak for 24 hours in meat marinate mix and Italian dressing. Remove from marinate and brown on grill for about 20 minutes. After preparing barbeque sauce, use liberally on grilling pork steak.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sauce preparation: Mix sauce in small saucepan and cook to blend. Add corn syrup to taste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634509.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:19.7562+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:19.904+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634514</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bean and Cheese Huevos Rancheros</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saut the onion in EVOO over medium heat until almost translucent then add the garlic, cook until tender about 1-2 minutes. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the onion and garlic and set aside, cook the Chorizo for about 5 minutes trying to break the meat up as much as possible. Drain off the excess grease then add back in the onion mixture and cook for another 5 minutes. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the Chorizo is cooking put the water and refried beans into a soup pot over medium heat to warm and thin out. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a 2nd frying pan melt 1 Tbs. of the butter to soften and brown the tortillas. Turn the broiler on, place the tortilla's on a baking sheet then spread half of the refried beans onto each tortilla. Place half of the meat onto each tortilla then cover with 1/4 C. of the cheese on each tortilla. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place under the broiler until the cheese has melted. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While you wait for the cheese to melt cook the 2 eggs in the remaining butter just until over medium. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring the baking sheet out of the oven and place each tortilla onto a plate, then top each with an egg. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with 1 Tbs. salsa and 1 Tbs. peperoncini, from this point use any other optional toppings you would like.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634514.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:30.706189+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:30.852+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634582</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beef and Vegetable Penne Casserole</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook pasta salted water for the minimum cooking time suggested, approximately 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a pan, swirl a bit of olive oil in a pan and add garlic and onions.  Cook down, stirring occasionally, until onions soften.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add beef to pan with salt, nutmeg and red pepper flakes.  Cook meat until almost completely browned, approximately 5-7 minutes.  Take off the heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spray a 9 x 13 baking dish with cooking spray and press pasta down on bottom layer.  Top with cooked beef mixture then tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a small bowl, mix cottage cheese with eggs and spread over the tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Layer the spinach leaves, followed by red peppers then mushrooms.  Alternate zucchini and squash in rows on the very top.  Tuck the basil leaves in between the zucchini and squash pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle the cheddar and mozzarella on top and cover with aluminum foil.  Bake in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 35 minutes.  Raise oven heat to 450, remove foil and bake another 5-10 minutes or until bubbly and cheese browns slightly.  Allow to rest at least 10 minutes after taking it out of the oven.  Sprinkle with extra basil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634582.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:54.181732+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:54.276+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634629</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beef Lo Mein Noodles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Drop noodles into a large quantity of boiling water and cook 3-5 minutes, until barely tender to the bite. Drain, rinse with cold water and reserve.</p>

<p>Combine the beef and oyster sauce in a bowl; stir to coat. Let stand for 10 minutes.</p>

<p>In another bowl, combine the chicken broth, soy sauce and sesame oil. Set aside.</p>

<p>Heat a wok over high heat. When hot, add the vegetable oil, swirling to coat the sides. Add the garlic, ginger, and green onions and cook, stirring until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the beef and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute.</p>

<p>Add the sauce and noodles.</p>

<p>Gently toss until heated through and sauce has thickened. Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634629.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:09.311289+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:09.456+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634658</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beef rolls with vegetables</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Beat the beef steaks lightly, season with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;On each steak place few pieces of bacon or cooked ham.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Arrange celery and carrot onto bacon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold the steaks into rolls, secure them with metal or wooden toothpicks.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat olive oil in a deep pan, fry the rolls until they are golden brown on all sides.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add onions, saut briefly, then add the wine. Saut for another 3-4 minutes until wine evaporates a little.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add tomatoes, reduce flame and cover the pan, simmer for 30 minutes or until the meat is quite soft.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Before serving remove wooden or metal toothpicks from the rolls.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634658.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:51.512866+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:51.664+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634859</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Berry Jam</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Frozen berries (no sugar added) may be substituted for fresh. Thaw and drain before measuring. For thinner jam, use juice as part of the 2 c berry amount. You may decrease the amount of sugar, but it will produce a thinner result. More sugar will make it thicker. For best results, sugar substitutes are not recommended. The average refrigerated life of jam is two weeks; up to several months frozen.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;They suggest also trying it on ice cream, waffles, French toast, pancakes, or as a filling for layer cakes. Yum, I think I'll try it out myself now!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NOTES : Jam requires only 3 ingredients; berries, sugar and lemon juice. I haven't yet made the jam recipe that came with my&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634859.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:39.454473+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:39.591+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634862</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Berry Good Brie</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 375 degrees.</p>

<p>Roll out pie crust dough slightly to thin a bit.</p>

<p>Slice brie cheese wheel in half, so that its in two rounds.</p>

<p>Scoop out some of the cheese from one of the rounds and fill that 'pocket with Tropical Foods Berry Good.</p>

<p>Combine the two rounds together and place in the middle of the pie crust dough.</p>

<p>Pull the dough up around the cheese to fully encase.</p>

<p>Flip the wheel over and cover with more dough.</p>

<p>Brush with egg wash and bake for 25-35 minutes, until lightly golden.</p>

<p>Allow to sit for 10 minutes, and then serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634862.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:09.664325+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:09.811+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>634965</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bibimbab (Korean Rice w Vegetables &amp; Beef)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1.Cook rice according to package directions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2.Cut vegetables into matchstick pieces and set aside for sauteing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3.In a large non-stick pan/skillet, bring 2 cups water to a boil. Add spinach and cook, stirring constantly until wilted; drain. When cool enough to handle, squeeze spinach dry into a ball.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4.Wipe out skillet; heat 1 tsp olive oil over medium-high. Add carrots and cook until soft, 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant or semi-browned, 1 minute. Add cucumber slices mixed with gochugaru (red pepper flakes). Combine spinach and soy sauce; set aside until serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5.Add thinly sliced beef to non-stick pan and heat until browned. Wipe down with napkin.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6.Heat 1 tsp olive oil in non-stick pan over medium-high. Add eggs and cook until whites are set and yolks are still runny, about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7.Divide rice among four bowls; top with vegetables and eggs. Drizzle each with sesame oil, sprinkle with sesame seeds. Top with gochujang (red pepper paste) or Sriracha sauce as substitute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;*Bibimbab and its main ingredients (usually rice and vegetables) can be chosen at one's preference. This is the main reason why bibimbab is so appealing; it suits vegetarians, dieters, health-conscience eaters, and even meat-lovers, who are more than welcome to add beef to their liking. For us, since we usually have rice available to eat at all times, we simply slice up any available vegetables or lettuce leaf varieties in the fridge for an "instant" and very satisfying bibimbab meal. So feel free to deviate from the original recipe!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/634965.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:35.254499+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:35.338+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635018</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bison Tofu Lettuce Wraps</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a dutch oven (or large skillet), brown ground bison in canola oil over medium heat, seasoning with soy sauce, five spice and ground pepper as it cooks.</p>

<p>When almost done, add garlic, onions, peas &amp; carrots, mushrooms and stir for about 5 minutes or so. Mix in the hoisin sauce and pure sesame oil. Stir to incorporate evenly.</p>

<p>Turn off the heat and gently fold in the tofu being careful not to mash the cubes.</p>

<p>Spoon mixture onto lettuce leaves. Do not overload! Squeeze a little lemon juice and eat like you would a taco!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635018.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:47.16749+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:47.324+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635055</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Black Bean and Cheese Stuffed Bell Peppers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pre heat oven to 350 degrees F&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut tops off of each red pepper and clean out insides.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix brown rice, corn, onions, black beans, salsa, cumin, salt, pepper, and 1/2 cup of the shredded cheddar. Mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fill each bell pepper&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Using the last 1 cup of shredded cheddar sprinkling over tops of each bell pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In your baking pan pour about 1/4 inch of water or less&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place bell peppers in and bake for 30 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635055.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:38.437548+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:38.536+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635186</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Blackberry Bread Pudding</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Butter each slice of bread on both sides. Put milk in heavy sauce pan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Split vanilla lengthwise, and add to milk. Heat milk over medium heat until nearly boiling. Remove vanilla bean and scrape seeds into milk. While milk is heating, put eggs, sugar and Framboise in a mixing bowl and whisk until smooth. After scraping vanilla seeds into milk, slowly whisk hot milk into egg mixture, creating a smooth custard. Put four slices of bread in the bottom of an ungreased, 3" deep baking dish with cover. Place 1/2 of the Blackberries on 3Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the custard dish and place in oven, in another, larger dish, and add hot water to the outside dish until it reaches half way up the sides of the inner dish. Bake for 45 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the custard dish and place in oven, in another, larger dish, and add hot water to the outside dish until it reaches half way up the sides of the inner dish. Bake for 45 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the inner dish from the water, and return it to the oven for another 30 minutes. [NOTE: this is where it tends to get out-of-hand on me -)]. Remove cover [if it hasn't already been pushed off -)] and bake for a final 15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Allow to cool (room temperature, or a little warm), cut and serve!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635186.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:28.921593+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:29.019+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635243</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Blackberry Smash Pink Lemonade Pops</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place blackberries in large bowl and smash with wooden spoon. Add frozen lemonade concentrate, water and mixed berry blend. Pour into popsicle molds leaving -cm room at top for expansion. Freeze until hard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Per serving (approx. 1/4 cup / 2 oz. per one pop): about 47 cal, 0 g pro, 0 g total fat (0 g sat. fat), 13 g carb (1 g dietary fibre, 11 g sugar), 0 mg chol, 4 mg sodium, 11 mg potassium. % RDI: 8% vit C, 1% folate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>16</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635243.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:46.235586+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:46.389+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635342</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>BLT Sandwich</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brown bacon in a skillet&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove and pat off excess oil&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice tomato into 1/4 inches slices&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Toast bread&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread a thin layer of mayonnaise on bread&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Layer all ingredients on bread and close sandwich&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add fresh cracked black pepper&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635342.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:29.284888+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:29.363+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635501</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Blueberry Muffins With Streusel Topping</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1.Combine flour and sugar in a bowl, mixing well. Reserve 2 tablespoons mixture, and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2.Combine egg, milk, and oil; stir well. Add to dry ingredients, stirring just until moistened.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3.Combine blueberries and reserved flour mixture, tossing gently to coat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold blueberries into batter. Pour into greased muffin pans, filling 3/4 full.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4.Combine brown sugar, flour and butter; mix until crumbly. Sprinkle over batter. Bake at 400 degrees for 15 to 18 minutes or until browned.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635501.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:03.94997+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:04.094+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635701</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Boudin</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook pork meat, liver and seasonings in water (to cover) until meat falls apart; remove meat and reserve some broth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grind meat, onion, green onions and parsley (reserving about 1/2 cup each of green onion tops and parsley).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix ground meat mixture with the 1/2 cups of green onion tops and parsley, rice and enough broth to make a moist dressing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stuff dressing into casing, using a sausage stuffer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635701.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:46.543462+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:46.638+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635708</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Boudin Sausage</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large sauce pan, combine the pork butt, pork liver, water, onions, garlic, bell peppers, celery, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Bring the liquid up to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 1 1/12 hours, or until the pork and liver are tender. Remove from the heat and drain, reserving 1 1/2 cups of the broth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Using a meat grinder with a 1/4-inch die, grind the pork mixture. 1/2 cup of the parsley, and 1/2 cup of the green onions, together. Turn the mixture into a mixing bowl. Stir in the rice, remaining salt, cayenne, black pepper, parsley, and green onions. Add the broth, 1/2 cup at a time, and mix thoroughly. Either using a feeding tube or a funnel, stuff the sausage into the casings and make 3-inch links.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring 1 gallon of salted water up to a boil. Poach the sausage for about 5 minutes, or until the sausage is firm to the touch and plump. Remove from the water and allow to cool.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635708.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:13.597454+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:13.738+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635795</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Braised Bean Curds</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the bean curd into rectangular pieces. Soak dried mushrooms in water until they soften. Squeeze off the excess water and shred. Save the soaking water. Shred the bell peppers. Heat up a skillet with oil until hot. Pan-fry the bean curd until golden brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remain a bit of oil in the same skillet to stir fry the minced garlic and mushrooms until aromatic. Add in shredded bell peppers and stir-fry briefly, then drizzle in rice wine, chicken bouillon, dark soya and oyster sauces. Pour in soaking liquid and bean curd pieces. Cover and simmer for 3-5 minutes. Stir in cornstarch mixed with a tablespoon of cold water. Increase the heat and cook until sauce has thickened. Add in scallion and the sesame oil, toss through and serve at once with steamed rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635795.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:43.482933+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:43.617+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>635867</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Braised Ridged Gourd With Beancurd Skin</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in work and deep fry tofu skin golden set on serving plate. Remove skin and ridges from gourd. Cut into wedges about 2-3 inches length. Heat up 1 tbsp oil in wok, saute chopped ginger until fragrant. Add in ridged gourd and stir well.Add mushroom and (A) and cook for 5 mins. Mix (B) pour into wok to thicken the gravy.  Mix well and dish everything and pour over tofu skin.  Ready to serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/635867.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:31.645396+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:31.796+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>636292</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Brown Rice Mushroom Pilaf</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Saut chopped onion and sliced mushrooms for 5 minutes.</p>

<p>Add brown rice and stir to coat in oil.</p>

<p>Add water.</p>

<p>Bring to a boil, then simmer for 30 minutes. Remove from heat and cover with a lid. Let it rest until all liquid is absorbed.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/636292.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:13.487625+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:13.638+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>636295</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Brown Rice Vegetable Pulao</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat 2 tbsp of oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and saute well till softened.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the celery, carrot, chilli, spring onions and almonds. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until the vegetables are done. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the remaining oil to the pan. Stir in the rice and lentils. Cook over medium heat, stirring for 2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Reduce the heat and stir in the veg stock and orange juice. Season with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix the already cooked vegetables to the pan. Toss with the rice for a few minutes until heated through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Transfer to a warmed dish, garnish with leaves and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/636295.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:51.839397+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:51.987+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>636458</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bunny Eggs Kids Breakfast</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook bacon in large skillet until crisp. Remove bacon from skillet, reserving 1 tablespoon drippings in skillet. Drain bacon on paper towels.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 3 eggs to reserved drippings; cover. Cook 4 to 6 minutes or until whites are opaque and completely set and yolks are beginning to thicken around edges. Remove eggs to individual serving plates; keep warm. Repeat with remaining eggs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For each bunny, place 2 bacon strips on egg for ears. Cut cheese strips in half to create whiskers; add blueberries for eyes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/636458.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:07.032092+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:07.117+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>636604</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Butternut Squash Tofu Salad With Toasted Hazelnuts</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven at 370 degree Fahrenheit. Prepare 2 cookie sheets with a liner/parchment paper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In one cookie sheet spread the tofu pieces and in another cookie sheet spread the hazelnuts.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the cookie sheets in the oven and bake. Bake hazelnuts for 5-7 minutes and tofu for 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the meantime combine water and squash in a saucepan. Cover and boil for 5 minutes or until the squash pieces are soft.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the squash is boiled let it cool for a while and grind into a smooth paste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a bowl combine salt, black pepper, rosemary, lemon juice and  squash puree and keep it aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the hazelnuts are done take it out of the oven and let the tofu cook in the same oven. Let the nuts cool and rub gently between palms or with paper towel to remove the skin.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the tofu is cooked for 20 minutes or until very light golden brown in color take it out from the oven.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In salad bowl combine all the ingredients and mix gently so that the tofu retains its shape.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Garnish with more hazelnuts and/or rosemary and serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This salad tastes great when warm but can be served at room temperature also.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/636604.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:07.74923+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:07.846+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637067</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Caramelized Tofu &amp; Gala Apple Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;First thing of action: bake your tofu. Preheat the oven to 350F. Let tofu sit on a kitchen towel for 15 minutes, turning once, to absorb moisture. Cut tofu into 1 inch cubes. Brush them lightly with vegetable oil (I always use olive oil, but I am certain that this recipe would be best with a peanut oil). Place them on a baking sheet and bake for 35 minutes, turning once.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a small pan, heat butter and garlic on low until the butter has just almost melted. Add the apples, tofu, and salt. Bring heat up to medium, and cook for about 4 minutes. At this point you should add the water and stir every minute for the next 6-7 additional minutes, or until there is little moisture left in the pan. Turn off the heat, and add the brown sugar. Stir to incorporate all of the sugar. Place on top of salad lettuce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637067.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:39.914646+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:40+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637297</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cauliflower Chickpea Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>For the rice:</p>

<p>Heat olive oil in large sauce pan on high heat. Crush the garlic and fry it with tumeric, salt and pepper for a minute before adding the brown rice. Fry the rice for another 4-5 minutes before adding the water. Bring the water to a boil and turn down the heat to low-medium, allow to simmer for 30 minutes.</p>

<p>For the Stew:</p>

<p>Heat olive oil in large saucepan on high heat. Add the onion and fry for 4-5 minutes or until golden brown. Turn down the heat to medium and add the chopped tomatoes, tomato puree, chili, ginger, garlic and the rest of the spices.</p>

<p>Add sweet potato, lemon juice and water and bring it to a boil before turning down the heat to medium and allow the stew to simmer for 30-35 minutes.</p>

<p>Ten minutes before done, add the cauliflower. Five minutes before done, drain the chickpeas and add them to the stew.</p>

<p>The vegetables should be cooked all the way through but it still have a slight snap to them. Season with salt and pepper before serving.</p>

<p>Serve with fresh herbs, such as basil or cilantro.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/637297-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:40.472116+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:40.561+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637325</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cavatappi pasta with salmon crab surimi</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saut garlic for 1 minute in hot oil, be careful not to burn it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salmon and surimi sticks to the pan, stir and simmer briefly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add chopped tomatoes, tomato paste, herbs and wine, mix and combine.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle with sugar, and season with salt and pepper; stir and simmer for 2 - 3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, cook the pasta according to the manufacturer's instructions, drain (keep a little of the cooking water).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine the Cavatappi pasta with the sauce. If the sauce is too thick, add a spoonful of pasta cooking water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve immediately, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and fresh, chopped basil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637325.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:15.642876+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:15.714+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637327</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cavatelli With Red and Green Chard</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Blanch the chard for about 4 minutes or until tender, then remove from water and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Allow water to come back up to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In another pan, gently warm the garlic in olive oil for about thirty seconds. Add tomato and chicken stock. Cover and simmer gently for about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Uncover, stir in swiss chard and season with salt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook for another 4-5 minutes over a medium flame.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meahwhile, drop the cavatelli into the salted, boiling water and allow to cook until they rise to the surface.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cavatelli to the pan with the chard mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 1/2 cup of the cavatelli cooking water to the pan and stir for another 2-3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The sauce should have a thin, slightly brothy consistency.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Taste for seasoning, and add freshly ground black pepper before serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637327.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:27.438007+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:27.572+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637335</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cedar-Planked Salmon With Mustard Dill Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Soak two 12- x 7-inch (30 x 18 cm) untreated cedar planks in water for at least 30 minutes or for up to 24 hours.</p>

<p>Place salmon fillets on top of each plank.</p>

<p>In small bowl, whisk together oil, lemon rind and juice, chives, mustard, salt and pepper; brush some over salmon.</p>

<p>Place planks on grill over medium-high heat; close lid and cook, brushing with remaining lemon mixture for about 20 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with fork.</p>

<p>Dill Sauce:Meanwhile, in small bowl, combine sour cream, cucumber, dill, chives, salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Serve planks on platter with dill sauce.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637335.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:29.840272+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:29.995+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637658</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cheesy Ham and Shrimp Macaroni Au Gratin</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut off base of broccoli stem. Cut broccoli into florets. Remove skin from stem using a peeler and dice it. Wash broccoli thoroughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Blanch broccoli and butter them.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse and dice mushrooms and ham. Add into sauce and mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove shells from shrimps and devein. Dice and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven at 250C. Cook pasta accordingly to instructions. Drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grease tin foils. Put pastas into foils and distribute sauce mixture evenly. Stir well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;From Step 1 until the above, you can actually prepare ahead of time and refrigerate them with covers if youve guests coming over. Then follow by the rest of the steps below.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix shrimps and broccoli stems evenly. Place broccoli florets, and top with cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake the gratin at 250C till golden brown. My oven took about 7 mins to brown. Look at how cheesy it turned out! Crispy on the outside and creamy inside. Enjoy your Cheesy Ham and Shrimp Macaroni Au Gratin!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637658.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:03.184251+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:03.286+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637670</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cheesy Pasta in a Pot</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven at 350 degrees.</p>

<p>Cook the ground meat in a little oil in a large pan stirring often. Drain fat.</p>

<p>Add onions, garlic, spaghetti sauce, stewed tomatoes, &amp; undrained mushrooms. Mix well.</p>

<p>Simmer 20 mins or until onions are soft.</p>

<p>Cook pasta according to package directons. Drain &amp; rinse with cold water.</p>

<p>Pour 1/2 of the shells in deep casserole.</p>

<p>Cover with 1/2 meat sauce mixture. Top with provolone.</p>

<p>Repeat &amp; end with mozzarella.</p>

<p>Cover casserole &amp; bake at 350 for 35-40 min.</p>

<p>Remove cover &amp; continue baking until mozzarella melts &amp; browns slightly, about 5 mins more.</p>

<p>Serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637670.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:43.551776+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:43.649+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637672</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cheesy Picante Beef Macaroni</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook the beef in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat until it's well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir the broth in the skillet and heat to a boil. Stir in the pasta. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes or until the pasta is tender, stirring often.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir the soup and picante sauce in the skillet and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling, stirring often.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637672.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:03.891495+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:03.991+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637686</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cheesy Stuffed Bell Pepper Casserole</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook the dry beans with 1/2 onion, 1/2 tomato, thyme and 1 Jalapeo or Serrano pepper. when cooked remove the onion, tomato, pepper and thyme springs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn on the broiler and roast the bell peppers until the skin get black and blistered. Meanwhile heat some oil and cook the onion and garlic for few minutes or until soft.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the tomatoes and cook few more minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from the heat and add the beans. Season to taste and mash almost half of them.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Back to the peppers. Remove the skin and seeds and fill them with the beans mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Break the eggs and beat them lightly with a pinch of salt and pepper and mix with the cheese. Pour over the peppers.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake at 350F for about 30 minutes until the egg is set and cheese melts.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>75</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637686.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:27.04625+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:27.144+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637846</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicka Chicka Chickpea Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mix together chickpeas, tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, garlic, and green onions.</p>

<p>Add in the lemon juice and olive oil.</p>

<p>Season with the pepper and salt.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637846.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:55.422367+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:55.523+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>637942</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Arrozcaldo</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large soup pot over medium heat, saute garlic in olive oil until light brown.</p>

<p>Add ginger and onion, and saut for a minute.</p>

<p>Add chicken cube and stir until it melts.</p>

<p>Add chicken and stir-fry until both sides turn light brown.</p>

<p>Add fish sauce and simmer for another minute.</p>

<p>Add rice and water. Mix well. Cover and simmer in medium heat for about 40 minutes or until the rice is fully cooked. Stir occasionally.</p>

<p>Put-in the hard boiled eggs</p>

<p>Add the safflower for additional color and aroma.</p>

<p>Stir in a small amount of sliced green onions. Add salt and pepper if necessary.</p>

<p>If rice soup becomes too thick, add a little water to thin it a bit. Garnish each bowl serving with sliced green onions and fried garlic just before serving.</p>

<p>Sprinkle a little lemon juice on the soup servings. (optional)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>9</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/637942.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:17.219073+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:17.306+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638074</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Enchilada Salad Wraps</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a bowl, blend together the cream cheese, sour cream, chili powder, cumin, and garlic.</p>

<p>Fold in the cheese, chicken, tomatoes with green chilies, green onion and cilantro into the cream cheese mixture.</p>

<p>Divide mixture between the tortillas and top with lettuce. Roll up burrito style and serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638074.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:19.510578+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:19.611+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638118</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken in a Basil Cream Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook spaghetti according to directions on package.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, heat olive oil in skillet over medium high heat. Remove chicken from package and sprinkle with salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Prepare breading station: In one flat bowl, add 1/2 c. flour, salt and pepper. In another flat bowl, add egg and 1 Tbs. water and mix well. In the third flat bowl, add the panko, 1/2 c. Parmesan cheese, 2 Tbs. chopped basil and salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Coat each piece of chicken by first dredging in flour mixture, next in egg mixture and finally in panko mixture.</p>

<p>Fry breaded chicken in oil 4-5 minutes per side.</p>

<p>While chicken is cooking, add heavy cream to saucepan and heat over medium-medium high heat until a small simmer begins. Immediately add 1/2 c. Parmesan cheese and stir to incorporate cheese.</p>

<p>Remove from heat and add basil.</p>

<p>Assemble the dish by placing a serving of pasta on the plate, top with one piece of chicken, pour 1/4 of sauce mixture over the top and sprinkle with 1/4 c. chopped tomato.</p>

<p>Garnish with additional chopped basil if desired.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638118.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:45.821642+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:45.918+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638148</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Kale Bake</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine first seven ingredients in a dutch oven&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the chicken and rice is in the oven finely chop the kale.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;After the chiken and rice has been cooking for about an hour take the chicken out of the pot and reserve on a platter under tin foil&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix the kale into the rice and add a little more hot water and replace in the oven for another 10 min.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heap the rice on the center of a platter and place chicken on top.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Squeeze lemon juice over the top and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638148.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:29.659996+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:29.808+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638252</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Piri Piri with Spicy Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Firstly, this chicken needs to be spatchcocked.  This allows a quicker cooking time and works really well if you want to barbeque the meat.</p>

<p>With the chickens back bone facing upwards, take a sturdy pair of poultry or game scissors and cut up each side of the back bone to remove it.  Then turn the chicken over, lean on the breastbone with the heal of your hand and press hard enough to break it so that the chicken is flattened.</p>

<p>Make a couple of slashes in the thickest part of each of the legs of the chicken.  This will allow the piri piri marinade to penetrate the flesh and also aid even cooking.  Place the chicken skin side up in your roasting tray (if you are roasting in the oven) or on a dish ready to go to the barbeque.</p>

<p>Place the piri piri marinade ingredients into the food processor and blend until you get a smooth pure.</p>

<p>Smear the piri piri mix evenly over the chicken and place in the fridge to marinate.  Leave for a hour an hour, but longer if you can, overnight is great.</p>

<p>To cook in the oven: Pre-heat to 200C/400F/Gas 6 . Place the chicken in a roasting tray and cook for about 30 to 45 minutes.  Check after 25 to see if the juices are running clear.  If you want a more crispy finish, you can put the chicken under a hot grill for a few minutes.</p>

<p>To cook on the barbeque: Once the flames have died down on your barbeque fire, place the chicken skin side down on the centre area and cook for about 15 minutes until nice and crispy.  Then flip the bird over for about another 10 to 15 minutes until cooked through.  The cooking times will vary depending on your barbeque, so the best way is to check by piercing the thickest part of the bird around the area where the leg joins the body with a knife, press and if the juice that comes out runs clear then the chicken is ready.  If the juices are pink or red, then you need to cook for longer.</p>

<p>To make the rice, add the spices to the water you will cook the rice in and stir.  Cook as normal.  When ready, fork through the parsley, butter and some salt to taste.</p>

<p>To serve, cut the bird with your poultry scissors into 4 pieces. Cut in half lengthways, then divide the 2 halves by cutting each one between the leg and wing.  Serve with the lemon wedges and a little more fresh parsley leaves sprinkled over the top.</p>

<p>Tips and Variations</p>

<p>There is no need to spatchcock your chicken if it is not going on the barbeque, but it is easier, as it holds the marinade better and cooks quicker.</p>

<p>The marinade works well with chicken pieces too (thighs, legs, wings, breasts)</p>

<p>The chicken will blacken a little on the outside, this is how it is supposed to look.</p>

<p>If you dont have time to let the meat marinade for an hour, just use whatever time you have.</p>

<p>Serve with a simple green salad and some crisp, fresh Vinho Verde.</p>

<p>I like to make extra marinade to keep in the fridge for the next time  it will keep easily for a good few weeks.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/638252-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:16.869582+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:17.019+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638289</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Rollintini with Pesto, Baby Spinach &amp; Brown Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pound out the chicken a little thinner. Spread about 1 1/2 tsp of pesto on one side of the chicken.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pile the baby spinach and brown rice onto the chicken, on the end closest to you.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Roll up the chicken and use toothpicks to secure the ends and center. It gets a little messy, some rice falls out, just roll with it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;I seasoned the exterior lightly with salt and pepper. Then in a pan, over medium high heat, brown the chicken on all sides then place into a baking dish with the chicken broth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638289.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:33.722098+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:33.81+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638338</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Spaghettini With Fried Capers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fry chicken (a pre-bought roaster will work too) and shred it with your hands...no chopping.</p>

<p>Pour out chicken fat (leave some chunks) from pan and add olive oil, capers, chili flakes, garlic and cook 3-5 min on medium heat.</p>

<p>Add chicken plus lemon zest, then squeeze in juice from lemon for good measure.</p>

<p>Cook spaghettini and then mix everything together and finish with basil, fresh parm and pepper and sea salt.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638338.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:14.870806+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:15.022+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638549</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chili and Garlic Spiced Beef and Broccoli Stir Fry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Combine chicken broth, cornstarch, soy sauce, rice vinegar, Mirin, sesame oil, sugar and Asian chili sauce in a small bowl.</p>

<p>Preheat non-skillet over medium high heat with 1/2 tablespoon coconut oil. Add beef and stir fry until beef is cooked through, 3  4 minutes. Remove from pan.</p>

<p>Add remaining coconut oil and saute broccoli for 3  4 minutes until crisp-tender. Add chicken broth or water as needed to keep pan from becoming too dry.</p>

<p>Add beef and sauce into the pan with the broccoli and stir until sauce thickens, 4  5 minutes.</p>

<p>Serve over rice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638549.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:50.983897+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:51.084+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638717</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chinese Steamed Flan</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;For caramel:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread sugar evenly in the bottom of a heavy saucepan and place over medium-low heat. It may take several minutes before the sugar begins to melt. Without stirring, watch the sugar closely as it begins to liquefy at the edges.  It will slowly turn from a yellow to a golden and finally to a brown caramel sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the liquefied sugar is turning from golden to brown, immediately remove the saucepan from the heat. Watch carefully!  (If you miss this point, the sugar will quickly turn too dark and you will have to start all over again).  Immediately pour liquid caramel into 6 3-1/2 inch ramekins and swirl to cover bottom evenly. The caramel hardens rapidly, so work quickly.  Set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For flan:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place 2 inches of water on the bottom portion of steamer.  Cover and allow water to come to a boil.  In the meantime, heat milk and sugar in a saucepan until just warmed and sugar has dissolved.  Whisk eggs and vanilla in a large bowl until blended.  Slowly pour warmed milk into the eggs, beating until well combined.  Scoop off foam and discard.  Ladle into prepared ramekins and place into steamer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn down heat  this is very important  to medium and steam for 15 minutes.  Remove and allow to cool.  Once cool, cover and refrigerate overnight.  When ready to serve, carefully run a knife around the inside each ramekin to loosen the flan. Place a plate on top of the flan and invert until flan pops out.  Serve with sliced strawberries.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638717.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:50.245209+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:50.392+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>638780</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chock Full Of Broccoli Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Separate broccoli florets from stems. Cut florets into bite-sized pieces; trim and peel stems, and cut into bite-sized pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place soup pot over medium heat and add oil; when hot, add onions and broccoli stems, and stir well to coat with oil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until onions are translucent and tender. Uncover, add garlic, blend well, and cook 1 minute longer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add florets and chicken broth; bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until broccoli is tender. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from heat and whisk in miso; allow to cool 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Puree half the soup in several batches in blender, adding some tofu with each batch.  Return pureed soup to the pot; stir well to blend. Thin with additional chicken broth, if desired. Add salt, pepper, and tarragon, if using. Serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/638780.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:47.970198+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:48.07+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>639212</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chocolate Strawberry Fudge Cake</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 180 degrees C. Grease and line the bottom and sides of one 20cm round cake tin.</p>

<p>Beat butter and sugars until light and fluffy.</p>

<p>Beat in eggs, essence and golden syrup till mixed fully through.</p>

<p>In a separate bowl, sift the cocoa powder and SRF together. Stir in the almond meal.</p>

<p>Alternating with the milk, fold in the dry ingredients into the butter-egg mixture until a smooth batter is formed.</p>

<p>Spoon batter into the cake pan (make sure it isnt too high, though it wont be if you had my luck!), smooth the top using the back of the spoon and bake for 35-40 minutes or till a skewer inserted comes out clean.</p>

<p>Let stand in pan for 5 minutes before turning out onto the wire racks to cool completely.</p>

<p>Meanwhile make the frosting: Place all frosting ingredients into a saucepan and melt on low heat till combined and smooth. Stir continuously. Once melted, pour into a bowl and let cool. Refrigerate for an hour, or until spreadable (I whipped mine a bit before using to loosen it).</p>

<p>Once cool, split the cake in half carefully.</p>

<p>Spread one halfs crumby bottom generously with a layer of frosting.</p>

<p>Top with the hulled and halved strawberries generously, overlapping and making sure you fit as many as humanly possible.</p>

<p>Add some more frosting on top (not too much) and gently place the other half of the cake on top (crumby side down)</p>

<p>Frost the remaining cakes sides and top and decorate with the non-hulled strawberries and chocolate sauce.</p>

<p>Serve at room temperature after 3-4 hours of refrigeration (or eat without refrigerating)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/639212.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:40.985893+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:41.132+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>639318</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chorizo and Cheese Crostini</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 400 degrees.</p>

<p>Heat a 12-inch cast-iron skillet. Add the chorizo, break it into chunks with a wooden spoon and cook over moderate heat, turning, until cooked through and lightly browned, about 8 minutes.  Remove from heat to allow to cool.  (This step can be done and advance and refrigerated overnight.)</p>

<p>Grate cheeses and cabbage.</p>

<p>Slice baguette into 1/4 slices on a slight diagonal angle.  Place on a cooking sheet.  (Consider lining with foil for easy clean-up since you will spoon the mixture on to each slice.)</p>

<p>Combine the cheese and cabbage with the cooked chorizo.  Using a spoon, top each baguette slice with one or two spoonfuls.</p>

<p>Heat in the oven for 10 minutes to allow for cheese to melt and bread to get crispy.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/639318.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:38.338981+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:38.439+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>639337</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chorizo, Bacon, Mushroom and Pea Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the pasta in a pan and then boil the kettle&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the kettle is boiling chuck the Chorizo and bacon in a frying pan with the oil on a high heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the boiling water from the kettle in the pan of pasta and add salt, pepper and a dash of olive oil. Simmer until done.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the bacon looks like it is about to get crispy add the mushrooms and the garlic. Keep turning at this point to make sure the bacon doesn't burn.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Just before you drain the past throw the peas in the frying pan with the bacon and turn the heat down to low.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain the pasta and then add the pasta to the frying pan and coat it in the lovely orangey/red oil from the chorizo.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with some freshly ground pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/639337.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:51.422146+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:51.526+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>639430</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cilantro Tofu Bean Burgers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Start with the sauce. Put all the ingredients to food processor and process until smooth.</p>

<p>For the burgers put beans, egg and tofu to a food processor and process until smooth. If you processor is small and not very powerful like mine, you might want to do it in portions.</p>

<p>Meanwhile saute the onion, poblano pepper and garlic until soft. Season with salt.</p>

<p>In a bowl combine burger mix with cilantro, sauteed onions and peppers, Salt, pepper, cumin, smoked paprika and breadcrumbs. Mix well. If necessary add more bread crumbs.</p>

<p>Form uniform patties and fry on a greased grilling pan on both sides. Be very gentle when turning over because they might break easily.</p>

<p>Serve on a bun with some green mayo.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/639430.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:22.841169+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:22.997+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>639567</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>classic beef burgundy</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large cast iron cocotte, fry the bacon until golden brown, set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brown the beef for a few minutes on high heat, add the onion, then the flour, mix together and heat&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;for 1-2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the carrots and the red wine. Cover the meat with water and add the bouquet garni, bacon,&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;chicken stock cube, salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, then cook for 2-3 hours on low heat,&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;uncovered  remove the bouquet garni.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with fresh tagliatelles or steamed potatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/639567.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:04.669719+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:04.77+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640117</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Corn-Crusted Fish Tacos With Jalapeno-Lime Sauce and Spicy Black Beans</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix the mayo, lime juice and chopped jalapeno in a small bowl. Salt and pepper to taste, then put in the fridge.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop all veggies and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 1 tablespoon of oil to a small pan over medium-high heat. Add the green onions and allow them to saute for 1-2 minutes. Pour both cans of drained beans into the pan. Bring to a simmer and add the cumin, cayenne and  tsp. of salt. Squeeze a couple of lime wedges into the beans. Cook for 5 minutes longer. Cover and set aside. Top the beans with cheese when you are ready to serve them.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat a large skillet to high heat. Cut the fish into 1 x 3 inch strips. Drizzle oil on the fish, then salt and pepper both sides.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour the cornmeal into a pie pan. Roll the fish strips in cornmeal, shaking off the excess.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 2 tablespoons of oil to pan. When it is hot, cook half the fish strips 1-2 minutes per side, until opaque and flaky. The cooking time will depend on the thickness of the fish. Remove the fish from the pan and place on a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Warm the tortillas in the microwave. Divide the fish between 8 tortillas. (You can double up the tortillas so they wont break!) Then top each with cabbage, tomatoes, cilantro and jalapeno-lime sauce. Serve with lime wedges and hot sauce, black beans on the side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640117.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:16.77462+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:16.875+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640190</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Coulibiac Of Salmon</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.</p>

<p>Place a skillet over medium heat.  Add the butter, sliced shallots and mushrooms. Saute for 5 minutes to brown the mushrooms. Then salt and pepper to taste and add the wine. Allow the mushrooms to simmer until the wine has completely reduced and the mushrooms are nearly dry--about 15-20 minutes.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, cut one sheet of puff pastry into 4 squares and place them on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Top each square with 1/4 cup of cooked rice--make sure to leave a border around the edges.</p>

<p>Squeeze the spinach to remove any excess liquid, then layer the spinach over the rice. Sprinkle the spinach with a touch of salt.</p>

<p>Once the mushrooms have cooked down, layer them on top of the spinach.</p>

<p>Now top each stack with a half-portion of salmon. Salt and pepper the Salmon and sprinkle with fresh dill.</p>

<p>Whisk the egg and brush it around the exposed puff pastry edges.</p>

<p>Roll the second piece of puff pastry out to a slightly larger square. Cut it into four smaller squares. Lay each square over a salmon stack. Gently seal the edges by crimping with a fork.</p>

<p>Brush the remaining egg over the tops. Cut a small vent in the top of each pastry.</p>

<p>Bake for 20-30 minutes until the tops are golden!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640190.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:44.147335+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:44.244+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640194</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Country Breakfast: Tofu and Veggie Scramble With Home Fries</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tofu and veggie scramble</p>

<p>Press the tofu for 30 minutes prior to cooking. Chop all the veggies and leave ready to begin cooking process.</p>

<p>Using a non-stick skillet, heat olive oil on medium heat. Add pressed tofu and crumble in large pieces. The tofu will need to cook and dry out a little for 10 to 15 minutes, so meanwhile, add onions and garlic to tofu.</p>

<p>After those 15 minutes, add asparagus and mushroom and all the rest of the spices plus the water. Cook for 5 minutes and serve hot!</p>

<p>Home Fries</p>

<p>Prepare potatoes before starting on tofu scramble.</p>

<p>Preheat oven to 450F and move oven rack to the next to last highest row. Line a small cookie sheet with parchment paper.</p>

<p>Wash and scrub potatoes. Dice them and add to a medium bowl. Add olive oil, salt and pepper and mix well. Pour potatoes on cookie sheet and spread evenly. Bake for 20 minutes and serve while hot.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640194.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:22.287116+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:22.433+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640229</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cous Cous Tofu Salad With Creamy Herb Dressing</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bring chicken stock and salt to a boil. Add cous cous. Remove from heat, over and let stand 5 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Let cool.</p>

<p>In a large bowl add chopped bell pepper, cucumber, tofu, currants, pecans, green onions and cous cous.</p>

<p>For dressing, combine yogurt, lemon juice, vinegar, dill and basil. Grate garlic with a microplane into the mixture. Season with salt and pepper.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640229.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:50.11917+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:50.202+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640321</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Crab Stacks</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>COMBINE THE QUINOA, OJ AND STOCK IN A SAUCEPAN. COOK OVER MEDIUM HIGH HEAT UNTIL ALL LIQUID HAS BEEN ABSORBED. REMOVE FROM HEAT AND SET ASIDE.</p>

<p>CUT THE LIME INTO QUARTERS.</p>

<p>COMBINE THE MANGO AND FRESNO CHILE. SQUEEZE A 1/4 OF THE LIME OVER THE MIXTURE AND MIX TO COMBINE.</p>

<p>COMBINE THE TOMATO, CILANTRO, GREEN ONION AND GARLIC. SQUEEZE 1/4 OF THE LIME OVER THE MIXTURE AND STIR TO COMBINE.</p>

<p>USING A ROUND MOLD, SPOON SOME OF THE PREPARED QUINOA INTO THE BOTTOM. IF USING THE SALMON- SPOON IN A LAYER OF THE SALMON.- OTHERWISE USE CRAB. TOP WITH A LAYER OF THE TOMATO MIXTURE, THEN AVOCADO.</p>

<p>TOP WITH A THIN LAYER OF THE QUINOA, THEN CRAB, FOLLOWED BY AVOCADO, THE MANGO MIXTURE AND MORE CRAB AND FINALLY TOPPED WITH A BIT MORE MANGO MIXTURE.</p>

<p>PRESS DOWN AND THEN REMOVE THE MOLDS.</p>

<p>GARNISH WITH PICKLED GINGER AND RADISHES AND USE THE REMAINING 1/2 LIME TO SQUEEZE OVER THE STACKS. SERVE COLD.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640321.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:34.306373+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:34.396+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640461</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Crawfish Cake Sliders</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a saute pan heat 1 teaspoon oil, add chopped onion, red pepper and celery and cook until tender, about 2-3 minutes.</p>

<p>Remove pan from heat and add garlic, crawfish meat, and 1 teaspoon Creole spice (or to taste). Transfer to a mixing bowl and set aside to cool.</p>

<p>Mix in egg and enough bread crumbs for mixture to bind; adjust seasonings to taste with salt, pepper and Creole spice.</p>

<p>Form into 8 equal patties and flatten to 3/4-inch thick. Heat remaining oil in a saute pan and cook cakes on both sides until brown and crispy.</p>

<p>Serve with a dollop of tartar sauce.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640461.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:31.009812+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:31.103+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640513</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cream Cheese with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Pesto Pastry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat the oven to 350</p>

<p>Cut the block of cream cheese in half like a book</p>

<p>Spread the sundried tomatoes around on the top of one half</p>

<p>Spread the pesto around on top of the tomatoes.</p>

<p>Put the other half of the cream cheese back on top of the bottom half that is spread with pesto and tomatoes.</p>

<p>Open the can of crescents. Unroll the crescents rolls. Pinch together 2 triangles in order to make a square. Repeat with another two triangles. Spread one square out onto a baking sheet that has been prepared with baking non stick spray. Do not push it down into the pan. Lay the cream cheese block on top of the square. Lay the other square of crescent rolls on top of the cream cheese. Pinch the edges of the crescents together to seal the edges. You may use the remaining crescents for decoration pieces.</p>

<p>Paint the top of the crescent with the beaten egg</p>

<p>Bake at 350 for 20 mins. (Start checking at about 18 mins). Remove when pastry is rich golden color.</p>

<p>Serve hot.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640513.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:35.106899+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:35.203+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640590</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Creamy Asparagus Risotto Side Dish</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop the asparagus into 1/2 inch pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat the chicken stock to boiling.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Lower the heat so the stock has a light rolling boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the asparagus and boil for 2-3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the asparagus from the stock with a slotted spoon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Retain the stock for later use in the risotto, keeping warm over medium heat, covered.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bathe the asparagus in cold ice water for a minute or two, drain and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, in another large sauce pan, heat the olive oil and butter over medium low heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the onion and shallot and cook 2-3 minutes, until translucent.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the vinegar and blend together.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the rice and cook in the pan for 3-4 minutes over medium heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the white wine and stir until the wine is almost absorbed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Here is where you need to watch carefully and be patient.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The rice will absorb the wine slowly, but if you are not careful, it will dry out and stick to the bottom of the pan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;It is important to keep medium heat on it, so the rice will absorb the liquids, but do not let it stick.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 1/2 c. of the chicken stock, stir, and continue to occasionally stir while the rice absorbs the stock.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Carefully add the remaining stock in 1/2 c. increments, allowing the rice to absorb the liquid before adding more.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;By about 3 cups you will really start to see the creamy texture in the rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This is good!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When all the stock is absorbed, remove the rice from the heat, and add the grated parmesan, mixing thoroughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold in the asparagus, being careful not to break the asparagus pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve immediately, sprinkling the thinly sliced parmesan over the top for garnish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640590.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:45.078451+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:45.179+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640619</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Creamy Chicken Orzo Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large pot over medium heat, saute the vegetables in olive oil for about 10 minutes, until vegetables are tender.</p>

<p>Add the drained can of chicken and stir.</p>

<p>Season the chicken and vegetables with salt and pepper. Stir.</p>

<p>Increase the heat to medium-high and add the chicken broth plus 2 cans of warm water and stir.</p>

<p>Allow the soup to simmer for 15 minutes then add the uncooked pasta and seasoning. Stir.</p>

<p>Let the soup simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.</p>

<p>Add the condensed soup, stir until the broth is creamy and serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640619.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:08.698877+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:08.853+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>640851</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Crock Pot Beef and Bean Burritos</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Trim any fat from the meat. Rub seasoning mix over both sides of the meat and place in your slow cooker (crock pot) coated with cooking spray. Add onion, vinegar, peppers and garlic. If you like a little heat, leave a few of the seeds in with the jalapenos. Cover and cook on low heat setting for about 9 hours. Remove the meat from the cooker. Reserve the cooking liquid. Shred the meat with two forks and place back in the liquid to reheat.</p>

<p>Warm the beans and tortillas according to directions. Spread a couple of spoonfuls of beans down the center of a tortilla, spoon the meat mixture on top of the beans. Top with cheese and your favorite garnish, and roll up. YUM! Makes 12 8-inch tortillas.</p>

<p>I like to dress up refried beans with extra garlic and salsa, or some drained canned corn and extra salsa for the black beans.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/640851.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:16.246203+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:16.386+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641034</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cumin-Scented Basmati Rice Pilaf</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring often until onion becomes translucent, 3-4 minutes. Add cumin seeds and cook a minute more. Add rice. Cook and stir until rice becomes fragrant and is well coated with the butter. Add salt and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until the water is absorbed, about 15-17 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, uncovered for 10 minutes, to let the steam escape. Gently fluff with a fork and serve.</p>

<p>**brown rice variation: Follow the instructions for the white rice version, substituting an equal amount of brown basmati rice for the white (I find you don't really need to rinse brown rice). Increase the water to 3c. and increase the cook time to 40-50 minutes.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641034.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:26.588164+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:26.737+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641066</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Curried Chicken Roll-Ups</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place all ingredients (except tortillas, lettuce, and cream cheese) into a bowl. Stir well, until everything is nicely mixed and the larger chicken pieces have pulled apart.</p>

<p>Lightly toast or warm your tortillas on the stove top.</p>

<p>Scoop out a quarter of your chicken salad mixture and evenly spread it over the top of the tortilla.</p>

<p>Sprinkle a quarter of your lettuce over the chicken salad.</p>

<p>Now gently, and tightly, roll up your tortilla.</p>

<p>Use a good serrated knife to gently slice the roll into 4 or 6 pieces.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641066.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:07.489176+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:07.629+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641145</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Curry-Braised Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat your oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the chicken breasts in half. Heat oil over medium-high in a Dutch oven. Dust chicken with salt and pepper, then brown 1-2 minutes per side in the oil, working in batches. Set chicken aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add curry paste to the Dutch oven, then use a wooden spoon to break up large pieces and work the paste into the hot oil. Once combined, add the coconut milk and use the wooden spoon to release any browned pieces of chicken stuck to the pot. Stir in the fish sauce and sugar.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover the Dutch oven and place in the oven. Bake for 45-55 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in the lime juice and serve with cooked rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>75</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641145.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:56.800956+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:56.949+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641185</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Dad’s Breakfast Polenta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Prepare polenta according to package directions. (Be sure to season with some salt and pepper as well!)</p>

<p>Meanwhile, cut bacon into small pieces and brown in a skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil, on medium-high heat, until brown and crispy.</p>

<p>Remove the bacon and reserve for later.</p>

<p>Depending on your preference, you can either clean the pan and use 1 tablespoon olive oil, or you can cook the remaining veggies with a tablespoon of the bacon fat.)</p>

<p>Add turkey sausage and bell pepper and saut until sausage is browned and cooked through. Add green onions, bacon, salt and pepper and saut for 5 more minutes.</p>

<p>Add polenta to the meat and vegetables and stir to combine. Slowly stir in feta. Serve warm.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641185.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:47.035659+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:47.183+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641429</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Creamy Corn Chowder</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large saucepan, cook bacon over medium-high heat until crispy:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the bacon from the pan, drain on a paper towel and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Discard all but approximately 1 teaspoon of the grease from the saucepan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add chopped onion to the pan&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook the onions in the reserved bacon grease until they begin to get soft and slightly browned.  Add to the pan: potato, water, and salt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover the pan and cook over medium-heat for 10-15 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.  Stir in the canned corn, frozen corn, cream, and milk.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes.  Season to taste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in the reserved bacon and serve hot with warm biscuits or corn muffins.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641429.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:51.799453+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:51.895+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641559</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Dolsot Bibimbap</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Marinate beef and tofu overnight in Korean barbecue marinade.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook rice and keep warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In sesame oil and a pinch of salt, saut carrots and zucchini until almost tender. If necessary add a bit more sesame oil and toss in the remaining vegetables, garlic and a pinch of sugar and continue to saut approximately 2 minutes, or until the vegetables are almost done (they will continue to cook in the dolsot or stone bowl)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Broil or barbecue the beef.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour a 1/2 - 1 teaspoon of sesame oil in the base of each stone bowl. Divide rice between the 4 stone bowls. Arrange all ingredients on top of the rice side by side around the bowl. Put a teaspoon (or more depending on taste) of the Korean chilli paste on top of the vegetables and in the middle of the bowl place an egg yolk. Pour a tablespoon of sesame seed oil around the edge of the bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place stone bowl on top of stove and on high heat leave for approx 5 minutes or until you can hear the rice popping and crackling.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from heat and serve. Be very careful as the stone bowl will be extremely hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641559.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:39.186068+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:39.288+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641565</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Donkatsu - Korean Breaded Pork Cutlet</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Trim off fat from pork chops (usually on the sides), then pound into thin pieces with tenderizer. Season with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Coat pork with flour, then beaten egg, and lastly panko bread crumbs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat vegetable oil in pan or skillet on medium heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fry until golden brown and cooked through (you can cut to check insides). Usually takes about 8-10 minutes total if fully submerged in oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove cutlets from the oil and drain on paper towel to remove excess oil and cool.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain shredded cabbage well. Cut each cutlet into small pieces and serve on plate with cabbage slaw.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with katsu sauce for dipping and serve with rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641565.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:32.130724+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:32.233+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641583</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Double Blueberry Quinoa Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse quinoa well in a fine mesh strainer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add to a pot with 2 cups water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add sea salt, cover, reduce heat to low.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer 15 minutes or until all of the water is absorbed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Tranfer to a large bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the vinegar, olive oil, lemon juice and mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the remaining ingredients and mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641583.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:50.423805+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:50.567+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641653</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Dried Prawns Yee Mee Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat oil and fry dried prawns till crispy.</p>

<p>Remove and keep aside.</p>

<p>In the same oil, saut garlic.</p>

<p>Pour 1 liter of water.</p>

<p>Season with anchovies stock, pepper and salt.</p>

<p>Let it simmer till a boiling point.</p>

<p>In a bowl, add noodle, cabbage, fish cake; top with fried prawns and spring onions.</p>

<p>Pour soup over and serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641653.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:18.147852+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:18.287+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641687</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Dry Mee Siam</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Soak the vermicelli in water till soft for about 30 minutes (I used chilli brand), Drain and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Using a food processor, grind the spice paste till fine and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat wok with some oil and make the beaten eggs into an omelette. Fold and slice the omelette thinly. Set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat up the wok and add 3 tablespoons of oil. Once the oil is heated, fry the spice paste until aromatic and the oil separates. This ensures that the chillies are cooked through and you will not get that 'grassy' taste of raw chillies. Add shrimps, stir-frying until half done, then add the fried tofu pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the vermicelli and keep stirring until the spice paste has spread evenly. (you may add about half cup of water to it if you find the rice vermicelli is still quite dry when frying) Add sugar and salt to taste, if requred, followed by bean sprouts and chives. Continue to stir-fry until the vegetables are cooked. Taste and adjust the seasoning by adding more salt or sugar to taste. If the noodles taste bland, add a little soy sauce/fish sauce to taste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Garnish with shredded omelette, green lime and some red chillies on mee siam when serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641687.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:36.517669+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:36.657+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>641904</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Chicken Tandoori</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix the tandoori paste and yogurt well. Marinate the chicken pieces well for about 30 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the chicken pieces along with the marinate into a baking pan and bake until golden brown and then turn over  until chicken is done. Keep turning the chicken pieces a few times while baking. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with in a bed of rice. Then lay the chicken fillets on the rice and put a bit of greek yogurt&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/641904.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:51.455696+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:51.586+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642125</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Thai Fried Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Crack the eggs into the leftover rice. Season with some salt and pepper.Use a fork and mix the rice and eggs around until well combine.</p>

<p>Heat some oil in a pan. Over the low flame, snip the kaffir leaves into the oil. When the leaves appear to be crispy, spoon them out from the oil and spread them out and rest on a kitchen towel.</p>

<p>Add in the rice-egg mixture into the same pan over medium flame. Use a spatula and check if the side (facing the pan) is looking like an omelette texture (golden brown).</p>

<p>When the omelette texture is achieved, flip the mixture to cook the other side. As it cooks, start breaking the mixture with a spatula to resemble loose rice grains.</p>

<p>Add in the red curry paste and mixed vegetables and stir to combine. The fried is ready when the mixed vegetable is heated through.</p>

<p>Sprinkle crispy kaffir leaves over fried rice before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642125.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:11.33467+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:11.411+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642372</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Elk Sirloin Tacos With Pickled Jalapeños</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a small bowl add all spices and blend together. Place sirloin cuts on a cutting board and season with dry rub on both sides. If you have time, I recommend letting the meat sit and marinade at room temperature before cooking. I often suggest 30 minutes.</p>

<p>Put the meat to the side and begin chopping up all of your taco ingredients: onions, tomatoes and pickled jalapeo peppers. Mash guacamole in a small bowl adding a splash of lime juice, garlic powder and salt.</p>

<p>Cook your taco shells after your taco condiments are ready and set aside in a 250 degree oven to keep warm. Top shells with a bit of cheese while in the oven.</p>

<p>Be sure before putting the meat on the grille that you get your cast iron grill good and hot. Place meat on grill and cook for 3-4 minutes turning diagonally and cooking for another 3-4 minutes before turning over and cooking on the other side. This will give you great criss-cross grill marks.</p>

<p>Remove meat immediately and let rest for a few minutes before slicing in 1/4 inch slices across the grain.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642372.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:55.116656+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:55.246+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642468</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Ethiopian Lentil Curry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large pot heat oil over medium heat. Add onions and saut until translucent. Add minced garlic and continue to saut for another minute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine cauliflower, peas and lentils in the pot, sprinkle with amchar massala and massala molida and saut for 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour crushed tomatoes and tomato paste into the pot and stir to combine. Add about two cups of water and bring curry to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Reduce heat, cover, and simmer on low until lentils are tender; about an hour.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix in plain yogurt and serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>75</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642468.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:41.43374+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:41.584+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642539</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Falafel Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pat the chickpeas dry with a paper towel and throw them into a food processor along with the garlic.</p>

<p>Puree until smooth.</p>

<p>Using your clean hands incorporate tahini, sriracha, parsley and onion into the chickpea mixture.</p>

<p>Form mixture into four patties and set aside.</p>

<p>Heat peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat.</p>

<p>Once the oil begins to shimmer add the patties and cook for three minutes per side or until golden brown.</p>

<p>Remove from and place in a hamburger bun.</p>

<p>Top each burger with 2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of cucumber and a dollop of tzatziki.</p>

<p>Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642539.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:00.603324+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:00.76+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642585</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Farfalle with fresh tomatoes, basil and mozzarella</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Boil a large pot of salted water and cook the pasta according to the package directions. When done drain, place back in the cooking pan and add the butter.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large skillet saut the tomatoes with the olive oil, 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the basil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large bowl add the pasta, the tomatoes and mix well. Add the mozzarella and give it a last light folding.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve immediately&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>15</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642585.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:15.485788+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:15.63+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642594</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Farfalle with Shrimps, Tomatoes Basil Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta to al dente.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile in a large frying pan, melt the butter and add the tomatoes. Saut over medium high heat for about 1 minute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the cleaned shrimps and cook until light pink.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt and pepper to taste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the basil and stir lightly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the pasta is ready add it to the large skillet with the tomatoes and shrimps. Add the butter and mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve immediately nice and hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642594.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:44.310985+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:44.408+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642695</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Feta Stuffed Burgers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Season meat with black pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Shape meat into 8 thin patties. Top 4 patties each with 1/4 of the feta cheese. Top those patties with remaining patties; pinch edges together to seal.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place on grill over medium coals. Grill 7 to 9 minutes on each side or until cooked through (160 degrees). Serve patties in rolls with your favorite toppings - we recommend sliced red onion, fresh spinach, and tomato slices.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642695.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:26.060253+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:26.163+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>642977</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fish Pie With Fresh and Smoked Salmon</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Peel potatoes and cut into chunks&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook in boiling, salted water until tender, app. 15 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain potatoes, add butter, horseradish and 2 tbs milk to potatoes, mash, adding a bit more milk if needed&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put fresh salmon in a medium skillet, add water to almost cover, lemon juice, bay leaf and peppercorns.  Cover and poach until done, 12 - 15 minutes. It should be opaque and flake easily with a fork.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove salmon and cut into large chunks&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Roughly chop the smoked salmon&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saut onion in oil until tender&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add cabbage and saut, stirring 2 - 3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add white wine, chicken stock, herbs, cover and simmer 10 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Dissolve cornstarch in water and add to cabbage, stirring until thickened&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from heat and add yogurt and stir well to combine.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add both salmons to cabbage and stir gently.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spoon into a baking dish&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with potatoes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake, 400F (200C) for 15 minutes or until the top starts to brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/642977.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:02.4128+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:02.544+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643150</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fluffy frittata with spinach</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a medium oven-proof skillet heat the olive oil, add the garlic and cook until softened.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a glass or metal bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. In another bowl, beat the egg yolks and stir in the spinach and ricotta cheese; season with the salt, pepper and nutmeg. Fold in the egg whites.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour the mixture into the hot skillet and cook over medium heat until just set around the edges, about 2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Transfer the frittata to the oven and bake at 200C until golden and fluffy, about 15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle the parmesan all over the top and bake for 2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut into wedges and serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643150.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:54.42297+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:54.574+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643175</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Focaccia with Tomato, Green Onion and Garlic</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Note: You can use a standing mixer with a dough hook to mix the dough, but we made our bread the old-fashioned way, kneading it with our hands.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine the yeast with warm water (this is referred to as proofing the yeast) in a small bowl along with the sugar. Gently stir the mixture to dissolve everything. Allow the yeast to stand for about 3 minutes until it gets a bit foamy.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the flour to a large bowl and make a well in the center of it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a small bowl, dissolve the salt in a few tablespoons of water, and add it to the flour along with the yeast mixture. Next add the olive oil to the mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;With your hands and a spatula to scrape down the bowl, mix everything together to form the dough. Punch down and knead the dough, turning it as you go, for at least 10 minutes or until the dough is smooth, soft and pliable. Add a bit of flour to the dough as needed. Form the dough into a round ball.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add some olive oil to your hands and smooth it over the dough ball to coat it and leave it in the bowl. Cover the bowl with a thick towel and place the bowl in a warm spot to let the dough rise to double its size (about 45 minutes to an hour).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Coat a baking sheet (with sides) with olive oil and sprinkle a few tablespoons of cornmeal over the entire pan. Set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the dough has risen, place it on a floured surface and punch it down 3-4 times. Allow it to stand for a few minutes while you get your toppings ready.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Moving back to the dough, roll and stretch it out into an oblong shape that is about 1/2 an inch thick. Place the dough on the oiled baking sheet, cover it with plastic wrap and let it stand for about 15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F. After the dough has rested and youre ready to bake it, poke small wells all around the dough using your finger. Brush the surface of the dough with olive oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Evenly sprinkle on the dried oregano, green onion, tomato and garlic. Sprinkle with coarse salt, then grated Parmesan cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake on the bottom rack for 20 minutes, checking it as it gets close to the end of the baking time.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643175.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:17.425915+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:17.579+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643372</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>French Onion Salisbury Steak</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Directions:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine ground chuck, 1/4 cup parsley, scallions, salt, and pepper. Divide evenly into four portions and shape each into 1/4 to 1-inch thick oval patties. Place 2 tablespoons flour in a shallow dish; dredge each patty in flour. Reserve 1 teaspoon flour.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in a saute pan over medium-high. Add patties and saute 3 minutes on each side, or until browned. Remove from pan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add onions and sugar to pan; saute 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and tomato paste; saute until paste begins to brown, 1 minute. Sprinkle mixture with reserved flour, cook 1 minute. Stir in broth, wine, salt, and thyme.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Return meat to pan; bring sauce to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer 10 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve steaks on Cheese Toasts with onion sauce ladled over. Garnish with parsley and Parmesan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place bread on a baking sheet. Combine butter, garlic, and paprika; spread on one side of each slice of bread. Combine cheeses and sprinkle evenly over butter. Bake until bread is crisp and cheese is bubbly, 10-15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643372.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:42.047725+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:42.195+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643422</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fresh Quick "Pickle" Side Dish</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place cucumber spears in bowl or dish in which they can lie flat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Nestle herb sprigs in with spears.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle vinegar over spears.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with ice cubes and place in refrigerator for an hour before serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>75</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643422.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:04.321527+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:04.476+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643514</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fresh Herb Omelette</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Stir your eggs together in a bowl with the pepper making sure to break the yolks.</p>

<p>Heat a pan to medium-high and pour enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan.</p>

<p>Pour your egg into the pan. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until the egg stops bubbling and begins to solidify.</p>

<p>Flip the egg over and heat the other side until it is cooked through.</p>

<p>Place on your plate. Add your toppings and enjoy!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643514.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:51.652561+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:51.788+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643524</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fresh Lumpia</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lumpia is a traditional Filipino appetizer, not unlike eggrolls. Recipe</p>

<p>Saute garlic in oil until light brown. Add chicken and onion. Season with fish sauce. Remove from pan. Repeat the process with the shrimp, but stir-frying quickly and remove from pan immediately. Return the chicken-onion mixture to the pan, add in sequences, green bean, garbanzos, carrot, rutabagas, yam, cabbage, bean curd. Add a little stock and allow to simmer until the desired tenderness. Season with salt, fish sauce to your taste. Add the Chinese parsley last, just before removing from the pan.</p>

<p>To assemble the lumpia, you will need:Lumpia wrapper - commercially available Romaine or green or red or butter lettuce</p>

<p>Lumpia Sauce:Bring the water to a boil. Add the sugar to the boiling water and stir until dissolved. Remove 1/4 cup of the syrup, add the cornstarch, blend into a slurry and return to the pot. Remove from heat when thickened. Mix in garlic.</p>

<p>NOTE: lumpia; lumpia wrapper [LOOM-pee-ah] This Philippine version of the EGG ROLL consists of a lumpia wrapper (a thin "skin" made of flour or cornstarch, eggs and water) wrapped around a filling and fried. Sometimes a lettuce leaf is used to enfold the filling mixture, in which case lumpia is not fried. The filling can be made of chopped raw or cooked vegetables, meat or a combination of the two. Lumpia can be served as an appetizer or side dish.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643524.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:50.210703+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:50.261+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643669</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fried Bee Hoon/ Vermicelli</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mix sugar, white pepper, soy sauce, water in the bowl and set aside. In another bowl, marinate the chicken with cornstarch. Heat up a wok and add in the cooking oil. Add in the chopped garlic and stir-fry until aromatic or turn light brown.</p>

<p>Stir in the chicken meat and fry until the chicken is cooked through. Add in shrimps and continue stir-frying until cooked.</p>

<p>Add in the vermicelli and then follow by seasonings. Toss the rice sticks continuously until fully coated.</p>

<p>Continue to stir fry for 3 minutes or until noodles turn soft, then throw in bean sprouts and spring onions. Stir-fry until the bean sprouts are cooked.</p>

<p>Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643669.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:46.817762+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:46.95+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>643829</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fried Wonton</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook in pan for 3-4 minutes.</p>

<p>Ketchup</p>

<p>Sugar</p>

<p>Garlic powder</p>

<p>Salt</p>

<p>Some water</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/643829.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:18.260545+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:18.363+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>644173</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Garbanzo Beans &amp; Greens</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook bacon in a dutch oven or soup pot on medium heat. Remove bacon with tongs and leave fat. (Alternatively, just heat olive oil or olive oil/butter combo in pan.)</p>

<p>Crumble bacon and set aside.</p>

<p>Add chopped carrot and onion to bacon fat (still over medium heat). Cook for about 4-5 minutes, stirring.</p>

<p>Add garlic and stir for a minute or so longer.</p>

<p>Add paprika, salt, cumin and crushed red pepper and stir for about 30 seconds.</p>

<p>Turn up the heat and add broth and beans. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes, stirring every now and then.</p>

<p>Add kale and cover the mixture and simmer for about 10 minutes.</p>

<p>Sprinkle in bacon crumbles (if desired) and stir.</p>

<p>Top with desired toppings. Serve with pita, naan or crusty bread for a delicious meal.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/644173.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:28.564251+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:28.645+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>644637</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Ginger Shrimp and Pepper Stir Fry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove tails from shrimp, if desired. Sprinkle shrimp with ginger.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in skillet. Add shrimp and garlic; saute 3 minutes. Add peppers and mushrooms. Stir in soy sauce, sugar, salt (if needed) and sherry. Cook 1 minute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in green onions. Add cornstarch with water; stir gently until mixture thickens. Serve over rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This recipe yields 4 to 6 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/644637.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:47.617357+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:47.768+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>644889</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Gluten-Free Lamb Moussaka</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lay the eggplant slices in a single layer over paper towels. Lightly salt both sides of eggplant slices and allow to sit for 20-30 minutes. Pat dry. Heat a skillet to medium-high heat. Brush a very thin layer of olive oil on each side of each eggplant slice. Add eggplant slices in a single layer in the skillet and brown on both sides. Set aside. (You will have to do this in batches) Repeat with remaining slices.</p>

<p>Add lamb to skillet and brown for 5 minutes, crumbling with spatula and stirring as needed. Season with salt and pepper. Add the onion slices and garlic and saute for another 7-8 minutes or until onion softens. Add tomatoes and parsley and bring to a boil. Quickly reduce to a simmer and allow to cook for 15-20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until everything is completely tender. Taste and add salt and pepper as needed.</p>

<p>Arrange half of the eggplant slices in a single laer in an oven-proof 13X9 baking dish. Add the lamb-tomato mixture, and then layer the remaining eggplant slices on top.</p>

<p>Beat the eggs in a bowl until doubled in size and foamy (I used my stand mixer for this). Add yogurt and continue beating until the entire mixture is fluffy. Add salt and pepper to taste. Pour egg mixture over the eggplant slices, spreading out in an even layer. Sprinkle Parmesan on top.</p>

<p>Bake in a 350 degree oven for 40-45 minutes or until golden brown on top. Serves 4.</p>

<p>How to drain yogurt:</p>

<p>Draining yogurt results in a thicker consistency, much like Greek-style yogurt. Line a large bowl with several thicknesses of cheesecloth. Place the yogurt into the cheesecloth, then gather the ends and fasten them tightly with a rubber band. Hang the cheesecloth over the bowl, allowing it to drip the excess water into the bowl. (I suspended mine over the bowl by wrapping the ends of the cheesecloth around a chopstick and placing a binder clip to secure. You can also hang the cheesecloth over a cupboard knob and place the bowl underneath.) Allow to drip for at least 30 minutes, or longer if you want an even thicker yogurt.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/644889.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:11.207038+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:11.304+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>644917</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Gnocchi and Wilted Spinach Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.</p>

<p>Place a large skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and sizzle until red and crispy.</p>

<p>Add the shallots to the bacon and saut for 1-2 minutes. Then add the walnuts and nutmeg.</p>

<p>Meanwhile drop the gnocchi into the boiling water. Cook until all the gnocchi are floating~3-4 minutes. Once the gnocchi is ready, use a slotted spoon to transfer it to the skillet.</p>

<p>Add the cherries and stir. Finally add the lemon juice, honey and 2-3 Tb. of pasta water. Salt and pepper to taste.</p>

<p>Place the spinach in a large bowl. Pour the hot gnocchi mixture over the spinach and toss. Serve immediately!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/644917.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:57.910166+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:58.013+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645418</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Green Beans with Pearl Onions and Salmon</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large pot add some water the frozen beans and frozen pearl onions. Cover and cook over medium heat until they are tender. Drain and set aside.</p>

<p>In a large skillet over medium high heat melt 1 tablespoon of butter and the olive oil. Add the green beans and pearl onions and saut for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock and cook for another minute until the stock is evaporated.</p>

<p>Add 1 tablespoon of butter and the brown sugar; lower the heat to low and mix gently until slightly caramelized.</p>

<p>Remove from the heat and keep warm.</p>

<p>Return the skillet back to medium high heat and melt the remaining  teaspoon of butter in the center, add the salmon over and season with Slavosalt generously. Cook for 3-5 minutes until a golden crust is formed. Turn and cook for another 3 minutes.</p>

<p>Place the green beans with pearl onions on the plate and top with the salmon.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645418.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:14.20966+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:14.31+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645419</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Green Beans With Roasted Walnuts and Sweet Cranberries</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon salt and the green beans and</p>

<p>Cook until tender, 4 to 6 minutes.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the oil, nuts, and cranberries.</p>

<p>Drain the green beans and transfer them to the bowl. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and toss to coat. Serve warm or at room temperature.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645419.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:58.623896+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:58.717+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645642</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Chicken Burritos With Mojo Sauce and Pico De Gallo Salsa</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Make the Mojo Sauce: Put the garlic, chilies, cilantro, lime juice, orange juice, and olive oil into a blender and process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside</p>

<p>Make the Pico De Gallo Salsa: Mix all the ingredients together, Set aside</p>

<p>To make the burritos: Warm the tortillas for 30 seconds in a dry skillet or on the grill until pliable.</p>

<p>Chicken: Place the chicken to a turbo broiler with the temperature of 200 degrees Celsius for 30 minutes, then turn over the chicken and cook it for another 15 minutes.  Then shred the chicken.</p>

<p>Place some chicken down the center of a tortilla and top with pico de gallo salsa, grated cheese, and Mojo Sauce. Roll up the burrito and serve topped with a generous drizzle of garlic sauce; garnish with parsley leaves and a squeeze of lime juice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645642.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:35.736773+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:35.874+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645706</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Eggplant Sandwich</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat up a small grill. Slice the eggplant into thin slices and spray each slice lightly with cooking spray. Grill the slices for approximately 2 minutes on each side or until the eggplant begins to brown. Grill the mushroom slices for approximately 1 minute on each side-they burn easily, so be careful. Remove eggplant and mushrooms from grill.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread the hummus on the toast, arrange all bread on a cookie sheet. Layer each piece of bread with eggplant, mushrooms, and a sprinkle of the cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the pieces of bread together in sandwich form and bake in a 400 degree oven for about 5 minutes or until cheese is melted.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Open the sandwiches and stick lettuce and alfalfa sprouts inside. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645706.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:22.02402+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:22.162+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645733</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Ham and Swiss Sandwich</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Melt butter in skillet.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stack sandwich like so: bread, ham, ham, ham, swiss, bread.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place sandwich in skillet, let brown.  Adjust heat as needed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the sandwich briefly from the skillet, add the other piece of butter and let it melt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Flip sandwich over and brown. Cook until cheese is melted.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Eat hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645733.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:33.573248+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:33.71+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645735</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Ham, Cheese and Roasted Red Pepper Panini</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Evenly disperse cheese, ham, the red pepper strips, and basil or baby spinach between the two sandwiches. Spread the outside of sandwiches with the softened butter.</p>

<p>Grill sandwiches on a panini grill, in a saute pan or on a griddle until toasted and crisp.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645735.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:48.708905+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:48.81+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645742</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Kabobs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Use any of the marinades given below, or substitute your favorite homemade or bottled marinade.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Yield: 4 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serving size: 1 skewer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Whisk together all marinade ingredients. Set aside. Cut tofu or tempeh into 1" cubes. Place them into a covered dish or zippered plastic bag. Add all the vegetables except the cherry tomatoes to the bag and pour the marinade over them. Marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours. Carefully stir or turn the zippered bag over a few times while marinating.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Divide the marinated ingredients evenly, along with the cherry tomatoes, and thread on four skewers. Place under a broiler or on the grill. Cook, turning and brushing with marinade a few times, about 8 minutes or until vegetables are tender crisp.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Teriyaki Marinade: 1/3 cup lower-sodium soy sauce, 2 tsp minced fresh ginger, 3 Tbs honey, 2 Tbs sherry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sweet Mustard Marinade: 1/4 cup thawed undiluted apple juice concentrate, 2 Tbs honey, 3 Tbs cider vinegar, 1 Tbs lower-sodium soy sauce, 2 Tbs mustard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645742.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:34.79998+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:34.956+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>645849</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grilled Salmon Salad With Blood Orange Cilantro Vinaigrette</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place salmon steaks over aluminum foil on a heated grill.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brush with Blood Orange Cilantro Vinaigrette and sprinkle with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grill for 6-9 minutes on each side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash mixed greens and place about a handful on each plate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash and half grape tomatoes and sprinkle over greens.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice cucumber and lay over the greens.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Peel and julienne jicama and place over the greens.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Arrange each slice of salmon over the greens and slice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spoon the Avocado Corn Salsa over the salmon, and drizzle Blood Orange Cilantro Vinaigrette over the salad.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Avocado Corn Salsa and Blood Orange Cilantro Vinaigrette are listed as separate recipes in my recipe file.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/645849.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:44.711397+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:44.808+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>646368</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hawaiian Grilled Cheese</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat 2 tbsp of butter in a small pan over medium heat.</p>

<p>Add pineapple and brown sugar and saut until golden turning once - about 3 minutes per side.</p>

<p>Remove from heat and set aside.</p>

<p>Assemble sandwiches by placing dividing cheese amongst four slices of bread.</p>

<p>Next stack some ham followed by a roughly three slices of pineapple and top with a few jalapeno slices.</p>

<p>Close the sandwich with another slice of bread.</p>

<p>In a large pan heat the rest of the butter and olive oil over medium heat.</p>

<p>Add sandwiches to the pan and fry until golden brown - about 3 minutes per side.</p>

<p>Slide onto a plate and slice diagonally.</p>

<p>Serve immediately with a bowl of piping hot soup.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/646368.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:06.679166+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:06.817+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>646424</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Healthier Southern-Style Green Beans</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add bacon and butter and render bacon until cooked, but not yet crispy. Add onion and continue to cook until just tender. Add beans and saut until the beans are tender and heated through.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/646424.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:50.965966+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:51.067+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>646626</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heirloom Tomato Basil and Olive Oil Wine Sauce over Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Grate 2 Heirloom Tomatoes with a cheese grater</p>

<p>Dice remaining 3 OG Heirloom Tomatoes and set aside</p>

<p>Chop Basil and set aside</p>

<p>Mince Garlic and saute in 1 Tablespoon Olive Oil till lightly golden stir often</p>

<p>Add Dry White Wine let reduce till syrupy</p>

<p>While Wine is reducing add some salt and some olive oil to a pot of water and bring to a boil for the pasta</p>

<p>Add grated and diced Tomatoes and Sea Salt</p>

<p>Add 1/2 cup Olive Oil</p>

<p>Turn down to med low and make pasta according to package directions</p>

<p>Add chopped Basil a little at a time</p>

<p>Cook until Tomatoes are hot and soft</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/646626.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:23.572557+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:23.7+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647524</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hot Sliced Beef</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Season roast with salt and pepper, put in roaster with onion and a little water. Bake at 325 degrees for 3 hours. Take out and cool. Heat soup until creamy, add all pan drippings from roast and add a bit of Master Gravy or Kitchen Bouquet to darken. Slice beef and add to gravy mixture and simmer slowly, approximately 1 hour.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647524.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:02.033925+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:02.172+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647536</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hot Spicy Cold Noodles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. Cook the noodles in boiling water for 3 minutes, then drain. Rinse them in cold water until they are cool, then set aside to drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Make the sauce by mixing together all of the other ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. Heat 50 ml oil in a wok. When it is hot, pour in the sauce mixture, and then the noodles. Stir well to cover the noodles with sauce, then remove and cool.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This recipe is an easy prepare-ahead dish for a hot summer day. It makes a good barbecue side dish for all of us who are tired of potato salads.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;You can serve this dish warm if you want, but it is better when cold.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;It is a good dish to prepare the previous day and leave in the refrigerator overnight.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Difficulty : easy.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Precision : No need to measure.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647536.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:01.676778+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:01.814+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647608</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Huevos Rancheros</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;First you must cut the peppers and tomatos put them in a blender with a little bit of salt to make the sauce that will go on top of the eggs. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Next you must heat the skillet when it is hot enough add the oil the start frying the sauce with some oinions and you leave alone for a bit.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Next you get another skillet to fry the tortillas for about 30 seconds each and in that same skillet you fry the eggs when eggs are cook put them on top of the tortillas and add the sauce that is in your other skillet.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>50</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647608.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:13.837666+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:13.977+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647627</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hummus Deviled Eggs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon/15 mL salt. Add eggs gently and cook 12 minutes. Drain. Crack and cool in cold water. Peel.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut eggs in half crosswise. Remove yolks (some can be added to filling if you want).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the filling, place chickpeas (save 24 whole ones) in a food processor.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add curry powder, yogurt, lemon juice, Tabasco and puree until very smooth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Taste and adjust seasoning.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread alfalfa sprouts over egg flat (carton). Place egg white halves in grooves, empty side up. Pipe filling into egg whites. Top with a chick pea.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Dust with paprika.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>24</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647627.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:43.934001+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:43.995+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647638</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hummus Wrap With Carrots and Cucumbers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Start with hummus. Throw all the ingredients into a food processor and process until smooth. The mixture might be a bit thick and hard to process so you can add few tablespoons of water or a bit more olive oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Tip: if I dont have tahini at home I simply toast 1 or 2 Tbsp sesame seeds and throw to a food processor instead of tahini.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread 2 Tbsp hummus in the center of a tortilla leaving about an inch on a top and bottom and few inches on a sides.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Follow with the lettuce, carrots, cucumbers and olives.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold top and bottom edges of the tortilla, turn 90 degrees and wrap the remaining tortilla around the filling. Wrap the tortilla in aluminum foil to hold its shape. Cut into half.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647638.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:07.270154+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:07.364+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647645</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hungarian Beef Goulash</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a 3 1/2, 4 or 5 quart crockery cooker, place potatoes, onions and garlic.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add beef. In a bowl combine broth, undrained tomatoes, tomato paste, paprika, caraway or fennel seed and salt. Pour over all. cover; cook on low heat setting for 10-12 hours or on high heat setting for 5-6 hours. Stir thawed artichoke hearts into cooker. Cover and let stand for 10 minutes. Serve over hot cooked noodles. Top each serving with a spoonful of sour cream.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Makes 6 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647645.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:35.899339+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:35.992+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647681</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hydrabadi Dum Biriyani</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Marinate the meat with curd, turmeric powder, biriyani masala, ginger garlic paste and salt overnight.</p>

<p>Heat ghee in a thick bottom pan add chicken and fry and cook meat until tender. Set meat aside</p>

<p>Add ghee, saute whole garam masala and cook rice until 90%% done; add salt and little saffrom milk for colour.</p>

<p>Remove from the flame when rice is cooked and no moisture is left.</p>

<p>In a thick-bottomed vessel, add the first layer of rice, half of the mint leaves, coriander and fried onions; pour ghee and saffron milk over it and cover the layer of rice with the meat. Garnish with mint leaves, fried onions and coriander and saffron milk.</p>

<p>Cover the dish with foil and cover with heavy lid and cook on dum for 30-40 mins on medium heat.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647681.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:58.678641+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:58.832+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>647876</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Indian-Style Eggs On Toast</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Toast the bread on both sides in a dry frying pan or under the grill and set aside.</p>

<p>Heat some oil in a frying pan. Saut the onions until caramelised. Add the tomatoes and cook until they soften. Sprinkle over the turmeric and continue cooking for another minute.</p>

<p>Break in the eggs and cook until required doneness. Stir in the coriander and salt and pepper to taste.</p>

<p>Top the toasts with an equal amount of egg and serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/647876.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:39.584653+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:39.685+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648303</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Itty Bitty Burgers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 400 degrees.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a medium bowl add 2 T of mustard and a generous pinch of salt to the ground beef. Using your hands, mix gently until everything is thoroughly combined.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Roll meat into very small balls, roughly 1 1/2 inches across and set on a rimmed cookie sheet. (I got 16 out of my batch.) Press each ball down gently to slightly flatten .&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake for 10 minutes, remove and lay a small piece of cheese over each burger. Return to oven for 1-2 more minutes until cheese is melted and burgers are cooked through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the burgers are cooking, spread mustard on buns (if you like), and cut into 1-inch pieces. Prepare remaining ingredients and have everything ready when the burgers come out of the oven.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Assemble burgers on toothpicks by stabbing some bread (mustard side down), then lettuce, then tomato, then a burger, then the other piece of bread (mustard side up). When you put them on a serving dish, press everything down a bit -- that will help them stand up.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>16</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648303.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:26.760089+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:26.864+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648430</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Jambalaya Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In saucepan, bring broth, tomatoes, garlic, herbs and pepper to a boil. In 5- or 6-quart slow cooker, mix onion, celery, rice and sausage. Add broth. Tuck in drumsticks, meaty-sides down, to cover. Cover; cook on LOW 7 to 8 hours, or on HIGH 2 1/2 to 3 hours, until rice has softened and chicken is tender.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Uncover; turn to HIGH. Add shrimp and okra; cover. Simmer 5 minutes, until shrimp are cooked and okra is crisp-tender. Remove drumsticks; remove bones, if desired. Ladle soup into bowls; add chicken to each serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stovetop Method: In 5- or 6-quart covered Dutch oven, simmer all ingredients except shrimp and okra, 1 hour and 10 minutes. Add shrimp and okra; simmer 5 to 8 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This recipe yields 8 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648430.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:04.007848+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:04.091+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648439</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Jamie's Guacamole</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cut open avocado lengthwise cutting around the seed. Separate the two sides. With your knife, strike the seed with the blade and pull the seed out. Hollow out the two avocado halves with a spoon and place into a small mixing bowl. With a potato masher or fork, mash avocado. Dice up the onion and tomato to your liking. (I like them diced very finely.) Mix into avocado. Squeeze lime into mixture. Add salt and pepper to taste. For best results, allow to sit 10 minutes before serving. Serve alongside tortilla chips.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648439.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:14.622588+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:14.778+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648462</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Clear Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. In a large saucepan bring chicken stock to a boil. Stir in sherry and soy sauce. Reduce heat and simmer several minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Arrange your choice of garnishes in small bowls to pass at the table.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ladle broth into soup bowls and serve. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Microwave Version: 1. Place chicken stock in a deep 2-quart casserole. Microwave, uncovered, on 100%% power until stock boils, about 5 to 7 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Stir in sherry and soy sauce. Microwave on 30%% power 2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. Continue with step 2.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648462.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:22.906722+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:23.008+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648479</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Mabo Tofu With Eggplant</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook rice according to directions on package (I like to use Nishiki rice).</p>

<p>Slice eggplant lengthwise into 4 strips. Slice horizontally into quarters. Set aside.</p>

<p>In a pan over medium/high heat, add 2 tbsp oil, garlic, ginger, onions and half of the spring onions. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until onions are translucent.</p>

<p>Add ground beef and season with a bit of salt &amp; pepper. When the meat is cooked, add to-ban-jan and stir.</p>

<p>Add sesame oil and eggplant and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until the strips are soft and cooked through. Add tofu and delicately break it up while mixing it in.</p>

<p>Add sake, sugar, water, 4 tbsp soy sauce, stir and cook for a couple of minutes. Add the remaining 2 tbsp soy sauce and spring onions, stir and turn the heat off. Serve over rice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648479.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:14.661032+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:14.8+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648481</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Noodle Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a saucepan bring the water to a boil with the kombu&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer the kombu for only 2 minutes, then discard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in the bonito flakes or Hon Dashi&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer, stirring for 3 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in the soy sauce, the mirin, and the sugar&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer the broth for 5 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a pot of water, cook the noodles till done, drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add carrots and ginger to broth and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in the spinach, noodles and tofu and simmer 1 minute&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In small bowl, stir together 1/2 cup broth and miso&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour miso back into pan of broth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ladle soup into bowls and sprinkle scallions on top.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648481.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:45.123562+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:45.225+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648483</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Mushroom Noodle Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Break noodles in half; cook according to package directions. Meanwhile, in large saucepan, heat chile oil over medium heat. Add mushrooms, garlic and ginger; cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add broth, mirin and soy sauce; bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes, stirring once.</p>

<p>Drain noodles, stir into soup. Stir in green onions and sesame oil. Ladle into shallow soup bowls.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648483.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:13.997491+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:14.147+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648502</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Steamed Sweetcorn Bun</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sift flour and baking powder in a bowl. Set aside. At the same time, preheat a steamer/wok filled with water till boiling point.</p>

<p>Using a balloon whisk beat egg and sugar together till foamy and pale in colour before adding in oil and stir till combined.</p>

<p>Next divide the sifted flour into two batches, stir in alternately with water to form a smooth batter.</p>

<p>Lastly stir in 2/3 of the sweetcorn kernels and reserve the rest as toppings.</p>

<p>Spoon the cake batter evenly into 4 prepared foil/ramekins cups that are lined with paper liners.</p>

<p>Place the cups in the steamer/wok(with boiling water in it), cover and steam over high heat for about 12 - 15 minutes(depending on the size) or until a skewer inserted into one of the buns comes out clean.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648502.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:05.760623+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:05.896+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648504</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Japanese Style Curry</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Whisk the curry powder into 1 cup cold water in a small bowl and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat the oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onions and salt and saute, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent, about 8 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the mushrooms and saute until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Stir in the potatoes and saute for 1 minute more. Add 4 cups cold water and the curry mixture and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes can easily be pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Whisk the cornstarch or potato starch with the tamari and 2 tablespoons cold water in a small bowl. Add to the curry and stir gently until the sauce thickens.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Gently stir in the tofu, if using, and the peas and cook until heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasonings with additional curry powder, salt and-or tamari, if desired. If you like, serve with small bowls of raisins and walnuts on the side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648504.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:59.494301+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:59.624+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648587</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Jewish Mandlebrot</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. In medium bowl, combine eggs and 1 cup each sugar and salad oil. Beat until well combined.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Sift flour with baking powder into very large bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. Make a well in the center; pour in egg mixture. Stir around the bowl using a wooden spoon, until well blended.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4. Turn dough out onto lightly floured pastry cloth. With flour knead until smooth, about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease lightly roasting pans or cookie sheets. In small bowl mix together filling (nuts, sugar, cinnamon and raisins).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6. Divide dough into 5 equal parts.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7. Roll each into 10x12 rectangle. Roll out on oiled surface.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;8. Brush lightly with tsp. oil. Spread 5 tbsp. preserves; sprinkle 1/2 cup mixture evenly around. From long side, roll as for jelly roll; pinch each end.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;9. Place 5 loaves in pans 1/2 inch apart. Put seam side up. Bake 45-50 minutes or until golden brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;10. Remove to wire rack; cool 10 minutes before removing from pan. Cool completely. Cut into 12 diagonal slices. If desired, sprinkle with confectioners' sugar..&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;11. Store covered in cool, dry place. Mellows with age.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648587.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:38.391667+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:38.527+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648608</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Jojo's Potato Pancakes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;As you grate your potatoes have a large bowl of ice water ready to put then in so that they do not brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add all other ingredients to another bowl without mixing.  Drain potatoes well and then place on either a thin towel or cheese cloth and squeeze as much of the liquid out as possible, then add to the rest of the ingredients and mix.  Use your hands to bring mixture together and make into small flat pancakes.  If the mixture is too wet and will not form then add a bit more flour.     Add 1 or 2 tablespoons of olive oil to a very hot frying pan and fry one side of the pancake until crispy and brown.  Flip and cook the other side.   Serve these hot with apple sauce or sour cream.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>16</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648608.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:19.474062+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:19.624+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648615</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Jordanian Mansaf</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;IN A LARGE POT BEFORE TURNING ON HEAT MIX IN ALL YOGuRT&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ON HIGH HEAT BRING YOGuRT (Or Jameed) TO A BOIL. (VERY IMPORTANT) MAKE SURE WHILE BRINGING YOGuRT TO BOIL, YOU ARE CONSTANTLY STIRRING YOGART WITH A WOODEN LADLE ONE WAY ONLY. SO IF YOU STARTED STIRRING TO THE LEFT YOU MUST KEEP STIRRING THAT WAY UNTIL YOGurT STARTS TO BOIL.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ONCE YOGuRT BOILS TURN HEAT OFF.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;IN ANOTHER POT COVER lamb shanks or CUT UP LAMB (WITH BONES) WITH WATER.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ADD 1/4 OF AN ONION.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;BOIL UNTIL LAMB IS TENDER.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;REMOVE LAMB AND STRAIN WATER (LAMB BROTH) TO REMOVE ANY SMALL PARTICALS.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ADD ABOUT 2-3 CUPS OF THE WATER (LAMB BROTH ) TO THE POT OF COOKED YOGART.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt to taste and if not tart enough you may add juice from about 1/2 a lemon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add lamb meat to the yogart and broth mixture (make sure to remove the onion)and let boil one more time.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook rice with 1 cup of butter&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brown almonds and pine nuts in remaining butter.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once rice is cooked remove it from pot and place it in a large round platter, then spread half of the nuts on top of rice, then place lamb meat over rice and nuts, then spread remaining nuts over entire platter&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the cooked yogurt in a large serving bowl&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When serving put Arabic bread and wet it with some yogurt, then add rice and meat in individual plates and spread cooked yogurt and slivered nuts over it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Enjoy&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648615.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:41.372221+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:41.471+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648715</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kale Bruschetta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Clean kale, by removing the tough stems.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash off and boil in salted water until tender&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain well&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saute in olive oil with sliced garlic&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Toast bread&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rub with raw garlic clove&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with hot kale&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle with salt&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drizzle with Extra Virgin Olive Oil&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648715.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:27.802083+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:27.893+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648729</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kale With Red Onion</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a cast iron pan, over medium low heat, heat olive oil, garlic and onion until vegetables are soft</p>

<p>Add washed, chopped kale (keeping water clinging to leaves to create steam)</p>

<p>Cover immediately and allow to steam for 3-5 minutes</p>

<p>Remove cover, stir and turn off heat</p>

<p>Serve with Balsamic vinegar</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648729.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:01.002092+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:01.09+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648742</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kappa Maki</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put a half-size nori on top of a bamboo mat (makisu). Spread a half cup of sushi rice on top. Place cucumber sticks lengthwise on the rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Roll up the bamboo mat, pressing forward to shape the sushi into a cylinder. Press the bamboo mat firmly with hands.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Unwrap the bamboo mat. Cut the sushi roll into bite-size pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648742.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:32.042478+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:32.106+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648749</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kare Katsu</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook pork in a pan with oil; set aside&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saute onions until they soften; add pork and 1/2 cup of water and let simmer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add potatoes, carrots and curry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir to dissolve the curry, lower heat, and bring to boil; cook until potatoes and carrots are tender.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve over rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648749.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:36.839124+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:36.925+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648822</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kerabu Rice (Rice Salad)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;To prepare the rice:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash rice in water and cook in rice cooker with all the ingredients mentioned in part A above. As a guide, the level of coconut milk should be measured one finger joint above the rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Using the ingredients mentioned in part B above, the combination and herbs and vegetables can be topped over the cooked rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top the salad with fish sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648822.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:36.682782+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:36.784+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>648875</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kickin’ Vegan Quesadillas</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat non-stick skillet.</p>

<p>Mix vegetarian refried beans, cumin and fresh cilantro.</p>

<p>Spread bean mixture over half of each tortilla.</p>

<p>Place the Rice Vegan slices over the beans, then cover with salsa.</p>

<p>Add fresh vegetables such as sliced bell peppers, mushrooms, asparagus and squash as desired.</p>

<p>Fold bottom half on top.</p>

<p>Heat in non-stick skillet on both sides until golden brown and slices are melted.</p>

<p>Cut each tortilla into 4 wedges and serve each person 2 wedges.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/648875.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:11.952546+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:12.088+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649031</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Korean Bibimbab (Rice w Vegetables &amp; Beef)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1.Cook rice according to package directions.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2.Cut vegetables into matchstick pieces and set aside for sauteing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3.In a large non-stick pan/skillet, bring 2 cups water to a boil. Add spinach and cook, stirring constantly until wilted; drain. When cool enough to handle, squeeze spinach dry into a ball.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4.Wipe out skillet; heat 1 tsp olive oil over medium-high. Add carrots and cook until soft, 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant or semi-browned, 1 minute. Add cucumber slices mixed with gochugaru (red pepper flakes). Combine spinach and soy sauce; set aside until serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5.Add thinly sliced beef to non-stick pan and heat until browned. Wipe down with napkin.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6.Heat 1 tsp olive oil in non-stick pan over medium-high. Add eggs and cook until whites are set and yolks are still runny, about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7.Divide rice among four bowls; top with vegetables and eggs. Drizzle each with sesame oil, sprinkle with sesame seeds. Top with gochujang (red pepper paste) or Sriracha sauce as substitute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;*Bibimbab and its main ingredients (usually rice and vegetables) can be chosen at one's preference. This is the main reason why bibimbab is so appealing; it suits vegetarians, dieters, health-conscience eaters, and even meat-lovers, who are more than welcome to add beef to their liking. For us, since we usually have rice available to eat at all times, we simply slice up any available vegetables or lettuce leaf varieties in the fridge for an "instant" and very satisfying bibimbab meal. So feel free to deviate from the original recipe!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649031.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:10.451876+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:10.588+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649073</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Korean Saewoo Bokkeumbap (Shrimp Fried Rice)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1.In a skillet or non-stick frying pan, heat 1 tbsp olive oil and stir fry the "hard" vegetables first--diced bell peppers and carrots, 5 minutes. Next add the diced onions, corn, and shrimp to the pan, another 5 minutes. If there is excess water/liquid, discard carefully and set aside on lowest heat setting. Optional: Cooking each ingredient separately (pepper, carrot / garlic, onion / shrimp) to ensure that they cook consistently is perfectly fine, but it will add another 5~10 minutes to your cooking time.</p>

<p>2. In another pan or skillet, scramble 2 eggs in generous amount of oil. When finished, add eggs to the main skillet with other ingredients. Optional: Prepare 4 sunny-side up eggs for the topping/garnish.</p>

<p>3. On low heat, add cooled rice, butter, soy sauce and oyster sauce and mix thoroughly with spoon (wooden works best). Make sure to coat sauce on rice and rest of ingredients well; this will take a few minutes and some hand/wrist strength from continuous mixing.</p>

<p>4. Plate the fried rice topped with a sunny-side up egg. If wanting a semi-round shape (see pic above), stuff fried rice in a round bowl pressing down firmly. Set the bowl upside down on a plate; the fried rice should sit upright in a round shape. Enjoy with kimchi and other banchan (side dishes).</p>

<p>*Some people like to stir fry the ingredients separately because they cook at different times. For fried rice, this can be skipped since the main point is to get them slightly tender; this means cooking the harder veggies (carrots) first and adding the softer ones (onions) later. This will save you valuable minutes in cooking time and the hassle of washing unnecessary, extra dishes.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649073.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:37.558541+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:37.654+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649175</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Laksa Lemak</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>"Rau ram" has a strong, soapy flavor, but without it, this soupy noodle dish from Singapore would lose its unique taste. The recipe is</p>

<p>Place shrimp and water in saucepan. Bring to boil, reduce heat, simmer 2 minutes and strain. Reserve liquid for use in Laksa Gravy.</p>

<p>Peel shrimp and devein.</p>

<p>Prepare Laksa Gravy. Cook noodles in boiling water 3 minutes. Place some noodles in each individual serving bowl. Place some bean sprouts on top, then add Laksa Gravy. Garnish with shrimp, rau ram and cucumber.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649175.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:05.596703+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:05.7+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649182</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lamb and Bacon Burgers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large bowl, mix together the lamb, breadcrumbs, onion, oregano, bacon and salt and pepper. Bind together with the egg.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Divide the mixture into 6, roll into balls and flatten with the palm of your hand. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the burgers on a preheated grill and cook for 5-6 minutes each side, or until cooked to your preferred doneness.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve each burger in a warm toasted roll filled with a lettuce and tomato garnish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649182.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:24.376267+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:24.469+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649186</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lamb and Mushroom Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a 6-quart pressure cooker over high heat, frequently stir lamb until browned, about 15 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer lamb to a bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, rinse common mushrooms, trim stem ends, and quarter mushrooms. Rinse shiitakes, discard stems, and slice caps.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In cooker, stir common mushrooms, shiitakes, onions, carrots, garlic, and pancetta until onions are lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add lamb and juices, wine, basil, rosemary, and cloves.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Seal cooker. Following manufacturer's instructions, bring to maximum pressure (15 pounds); adjust heat to stabilize cooking rate. Cook 20 minutes. Release pressure quickly, running cold water over pan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Open pan. If desired, discard cloves. Add peas to pan. Mix cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and stir into mixture, then stir stew over high heat until boiling. Season to taste with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with mashed potatoes or cooked rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This recipe yields 6 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649186.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:10.591564+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:10.686+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649229</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lamb Pie</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Use a pan with an airtight lid. Put a little oil and seasoning along with the carrot, onion and leek, saute this then place lid firmly, lower heat to allow cooking . Add to diced potatoes last. Do the same to the lamb, adding pre-mixed stock, seal lid to cook.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In an ovenproof dish, first put a layer of the cooked vegetables, then a layer of the lamb, first straining any excess fatty liquid, build this up to fill. Cut pastry to size, glaze with a beaten egg if a crispy finish is preferred. Cook for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649229.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:34.480125+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:34.58+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649271</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lasagna - Using Uncooked Noodles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brown meat (drain). Mix meat and sauce; bring to a boil, simmer 5 minutes. Layer sauce, uncooked noodles, mushrooms and cheese until pan is filled. Bake in 325 degree oven for 1 hour and 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649271.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:35.166306+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:35.265+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649307</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Laura Calder's Halibut With Brown Butter, Crushed Chickpeas With Olives and Roasted Cumin Carrots</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>For the halibut: Melt the butter and cook until lightly brown and foaming. Add a squeeze of lemon juice, and set aside.</p>

<p>Heat the oil in a frying pan. Season the fish on both sides, lay in the pan and fry four minutes. Flip, and cover to finish, four to six minutes. Serve with some brown butter dribbled over.</p>

<p>Spoon a small pile of the crushed chickpeas and olives on the plate. Add the fish to the plate and top with roasted carrots.</p>

<p>For the carrots:Heat oven to 400F/200C. Slice the carrots lengthwise, leaving a bit of green top attached, for looks. Toss on a baking sheet with the olive oil, crushed cumin seed, salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Roast until tender and golden-edged, about 30 minutes, depending on their size. They should be slightly crinkly and golden-edged.</p>

<p>For the chick peas: Soak the chick peas in a bowl of cold water over night. Drain and rinse, then put in a pot with the onion and bay leaf. Cover, just, with water. Bring to a simmer and cook, covered, until very tender, about 45 minutes. Drain, discarding the onion and bay leaf.</p>

<p>Heat the oil in a saut pan and gently fry the garlic, 30 seconds. Add the chickpeas, salt, and pepper, to heat through. Crush a bit, here and there, with a potato masher, leaving some chick peas whole.</p>

<p>Remove from the heat and stir in the olives, parsley, and lemon zest. Add lemon juice to taste. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil, and serve as a base for fish or chicken.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649307.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:15.986126+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:16.126+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649395</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lean Shepherd's Pie</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brown ground beef with onion&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook potatoes in water till soft, drain&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mash potatoes, add chicken broth as needed to make smooth mashed potatoes&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread browned ground beef in bottom of 8x11 Pyrex dish&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread mashed potatoes over beef layer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spead corn kernels over mashed potato layer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sprinkle grated cheese over corn layer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake at 350 for 25-30 minutes or until heated through and cheese is melted&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the pie comes out of the oven, lightly dust the top with a little pepper if desired.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649395.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:29.745097+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:29.841+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649405</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lebanese Lentil Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat lentils, ham bone, and water in large saucepan to boiling. Reduce heat. Skim the excess; skim off the top as it forms. Simmer, uncovered, 45 minutes. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add spinach, onion, garlic, and coriander seed; saute until the spinach is wilted. Add rice and the spinach mixture to lentils. Simmer, uncovered, until lentils and onions are tender, 15-20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove ham bone, pull ham from bone, chop the meat and stir into the soup. Add more water, if needed, to thin the soup. Stir in the lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste. Makes 6 (1 cup) servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649405.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:57.920616+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:58.017+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649415</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lebanese Stuffed Grape Leaves</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the rice in a colander and rinse 3 times with cold water. Combine the salt, pepper, allspice and cinnamon and sprinkle over rice, stirring to mix well. Add butter and lamb to rice and mix well. Place grape leaves in a large bowl and cover with boiling water to soften. Remove and drain in colander. Cool. To stuff leaves, place a ts of the rice and meat mixture on each leaf. Beginning at the stem end, roll the leaf up over the filling, folding the sides of the leaf in, halfway toward the center, so the leaf is a nicely tucked, tight little package by the time you reach the tip. Repeat with remaining leaves and filling. Cover the b&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add water to the pan, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer on low for about 35 minutes, or until stuffed grape leaves are tender.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649415.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:40.044563+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:40.136+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649476</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lemon "Cream" With Fresh Raspberries</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Combine 3 tsp (1 tbsp) of the lemon zest, lemon juice, 1/2 cup agave nectar, and tofu in a blender. Puree until smooth, scraping down sides of blender with rubber spatula as necessary.</p>

<p>In a small bowl, mash 1 cup of the raspberries with the remaining 2 teaspoons agave nectar. Gently mix in the remaining raspberries.</p>

<p>Divide 2/3 of the lemon cream evenly among four bowls or serving glasses. Spoon raspberry mixture over cream, then top with the remaining 1/3 of the cream and sprinkle with remaining 1 tsp lemon zest.</p>

<p>I used Jah-Yuhn nah lah Silken tofu brand  sold at Korean markets</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649476.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:38.766223+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:38.85+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649733</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lemon Pilaf Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In large skillet bring 2 cups water, olive oil, lemon juice and spice sack to a boil. Stir in chicken and rice pilaf. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Add broccoli and grated lemon peel. Simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, or until all water is absorbed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;NOTES : For a colorful twist, substitute Near East Chicken Flavor Pilaf.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649733.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:48.199248+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:48.299+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649882</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lemony Brown Rice With Baby Spinach</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook rice as directed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add spinach and green onions while rice is still hot. (Spinach will wilt.)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add remaining ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir to combine.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649882.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:57.644951+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:57.795+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649908</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Lentil Apricot Soup With Roasted Kale</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees (for the kale). Meanwhile, fill a pot with approximately 3-4 cups of water and let boil. While that is boiling, chop up the onions and garlic and add it to the pot, along with the bay leaves. Cover the pot and start the kale prep. Pull 2-3 stalks of kale off the bunch and place them on a piece of aluminum foil or a baking sheet/pan. Add the olive oil, salt and pepper to the kale, cover and let cook in the oven for 15 minutes (or until soft) checking on it periodically.  Rinse off the lentils and add them to the pot, along with the celery, carrots, cumin, salt, and pepper and let cook for 20 minutes. While cooking, cut up the apricots it teeny tiny squares. This part took a little longer than I anticipated and I probably could have had even s</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649908.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:09.618988+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:09.759+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>649985</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Light and Chunky Chicken Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the chicken in a pot and add enough water to cover the chicken. Three quarters of the pot full.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the onion, carrot bits, salt pepper, rosemary, basil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to the boil and allow to simmer until the chicken starts to pull away from the bone.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the chicken from the pot and let it cool. Strip the meat off in tiny bite sized pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the meantime, add the cup of rice to the stock and let it simmer for another 10 - 15 minutes. The rice must be well cooked.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the celery and the chicken to the soup.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Allow to simmer for another 10 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Garnish with parsley.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ready to serve with some crispy hot bread or croutons on the side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/649985.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:32.931704+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:33.024+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>650126</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Linguine E Americana</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saute the bacon in a large stockpot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook until lightly browned but not burned.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the onion, stirring well to coat in bacon drippings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Saute for 7-8 minutes over medium-high heat, until onion is soft and translucent.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add garlic, carrots, and celery, mixing well with onion, and saute for 10 minutes until tender.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add can of tomatoes, juice and all.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to a simmer and then add the chicken stock.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to a boil and add the pasta (be sure to break the linguine into 2-inch-long pieces).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook for about 10-12 minutes, until pasta is "al dente", the Italian expression for cooked pasta that is still firm, but not hard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir the pot frequently as there will not be an abundance of liquid in which to cook the pasta.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Alternatively, you could cook the pasta in a separate pot of boiling water, drain it, and add to  the carrot/celery/chicken stock sauce.  But the pasta won't absorb all of the yummy flavors that way.)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Taste the sauce, and add more salt and pepper if necessary.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;About the time the pasta is al dente, you will be left with a lovely sauce in the pot.  (If it is too runny and soupy, continue to cook a bit longer.)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve and garnish with the cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/650126.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:17.185355+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:17.289+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>650139</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Linguine with Prawns, Fresh Tomatoes and Spinach</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook the Linguine according to package direction.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large skillet under medium heat melt the butter with the olive oil. Add the chopped tomatoes, chopped parsley, chopped garlic and saute until slightly tender. Add the spinach, the wine and the prawns. Saute until the prawns are pink and the spinach wilted.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain the pasta, add it to the skillet and mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/650139.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:31.498944+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:31.637+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>650646</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Majorcan Toasts</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Put broiler on and toast the breads on one side for about 2 minutes (especially if your top rack is right up against the broiler) or until they are golden brown.</p>

<p>In the meantime, combine in a bowl the tomatoes, salt, thyme/oregano and sugar and let sit.</p>

<p>When the toasts are ready, spread the sobrassada across the warm toasts, arrange on the plate and then dress them with the tomato mixture.</p>

<p>Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/650646.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:42.817947+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:42.896+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651190</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Masala-Tofu Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add spray with a generous amount of PAM and add oil. Add mustard seeds and saute for 30 seconds-till you hear popping noises. Add curry leaves- BE CAREFUL, they pop hot oil! Add onions and peppers- sweat for about 30 seconds. Add chopped garlic, chilies and turmeric. Saute for about 5-7 minutes, until the onions and peppers are soft. Add peas and carrots mixture, cumin powder and salt. Saute for about 7-10 minutes- you want all the veggies to be soft and cooked through.</p>

<p>Meanwhile in a small bowl, add the cubed tofu, a pinch of turmeric, cumin powder, coarse black pepper and some cayenne pepper (totally optional!). Mix and set aside to marinate for a bit.</p>

<p>Once the veggies are cooked, add the tofu- saute until slightly brown and soft enough that it crumbles. Add juice form half a lemon and half of the chopped cilantro. Mix and add the diced boiled potato, and toss until everything is coated, soft and taste for salt/spices. Using a masher, mash the mixture until mushy and until the veggies are small. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, add a bit of the breadcrumbs and mix with your hands. Start forming into thick patties (mixture should make 4). If its still giving you a hard time, add more breadcrumbs. Make 4 patties, place on a plate and wrap with plastic wrap until ready to use.</p>

<p>In a small skillet sprayed with PAM over medium-high heat, add one patty at a time. Cook for about 2 minutes on each side- until browned and crispy.At the same time, saute the thick slices of onion, until charred and slightly soft. Spread a generous amount of the chutney spread on each side on the bread, place burger, onions tomato and cilantro leaves. Serve with a slice of lemon and reduced-fat chips on the side.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651190.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:50.684493+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:50.809+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651341</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Meatball Sliders</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make the tomato sauce:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pure tomatoes with their juice in a blender and transfer to a bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat and saut onion until golden, about 6 minutes. Add garlic and saut, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomato pure, sugar, bay leaf, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 40 to 50 minutes. Discard bay leaf.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make meatballs while sauce simmers:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir together bread crumbs and milk in a large bowl and let stand 10 minutes. Add meat, garlic, cheese, eggs, parsley, oregano, marjoram, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and blend until just combined well (do not overmix). Form level 1/4-cup portions into meatballs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat hot and fry meatballs, about 6 at a time, turning occasionally, until well browned and cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per batch. Transfer to paper towels with a slotted spoon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer meatballs in sauce and assemble sliders:&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add drained meatballs to tomato sauce and simmer, stirring occasionally, until meatballs are heated through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Assemble sliders with a meatball and 1 tablespoon sauce per bun. Garnish with baby greens and secure each with a wooden pick.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>20</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651341.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:25.464038+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:25.616+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651342</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Meatball Subs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 450 degrees.</p>

<p>Place ground sirloin in a large mixing bowl and punch a well into the center of meat. Fill well with the egg, bread crumbs, onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, Worcestershire, parsley, cheese, and a little salt and pepper. Mix up meatball ingredients until well combined, yet not over-mixed. Divide mix into 4 equal parts, roll each part into 4 balls and space equally onto a nonstick baking sheet. Place meatballs in oven and roast about 12 minutes. Break a meatball open and make sure meat is cooked through before removing from the oven.</p>

<p>Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add oil and garlic. When garlic starts sizzling, add herbs and crushed pepper. Allow oil to infuse for half a minute, then stir in the tomatoes and season sauce with salt and pepper. Bring sauce to a bubble, reduce heat, and simmer until meatballs are removed from oven.</p>

<p>Combine meatballs and sauce and pile into sub rolls, 4 meatballs per sub. Top with shredded cheese and place subs under broiler to melt cheese. Top with shredded basil or arugula and serve with a pile of Oven Fries.</p>

<p>This recipe yields 4 servings.</p>

<p>0 0</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651342.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:33.686713+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:33.838+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651624</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mexican Fiesta Salad Pizza</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Unroll crescent dough; separate into 16 triangles.  Arrange 14 of the triangles in a circle on a round baking stone or pizza pan, with wide ends even with edge of baking stone and points toward center.  Place the remaining two triangles in the center, pinching seams to seal.  Bake 15-18 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from oven, cool.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a 12-inch skillet, cook ground meat over medium heat 10-12 minutes or until no longer pink, breaking meat into crumbles.  Drain if necessary.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine salsa, seasoning mix and garlic and add to meat mixture.  Toss to coat.  Spread sour cream over crust.  Spoon meat mixture over sour cream.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cheese and olives.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651624.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:49.399803+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:49.501+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651646</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mexican Lasagna with Chicken &amp; Black Bean</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Preheat oven to 375F&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Over medium heat, add oil on a skillet. When heated, brown ground chicken for few minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Add onions and bell pepper. Let them sweat for couple minutes and add black beans, jalapeno and stir them together. Continue this for 2-3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Add all the spices and 1/4 cup enchilada sauce. Allow it to cook for few minutes then remove from heat. Let it cool for few minutes or leave it in the refrigerator for quick chill.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- In a baking dish, pour about 2-3 tablespoon enchilada sauce then one tortilla. Spread 1 tablespoon of sauce over the tortilla then spoon chicken-bean mixture followed by 1 tablespoon of cheese or more if you like.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Layer it likewise with the remaining tortillas. Just make sure the tortillas are well covered in sauce otherwise it will be very dry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Top the last tortilla with remaining sauce and cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;- Bake it covered for 10-12 minutes or until the sauce bubbles and cheese is melted completely.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651646.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:26.278729+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:26.418+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>651965</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mini Meatball &amp; Ravioli Soup With Garlic Croutons</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large soup pot saute the onion and bell pepper in two tablespoons Olive oil until soft and tender, season with salt and pepper. Add the garlic, saute until fragrant. Add the parsley, Italian seasoning, thyme, chicken broth, and tomatoes. Bring slowly up to a boil. In the meantime make the meatballs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine all the meatball ingredients in a large bowl. Measure out two teaspoons and form into a ball. Measure out a few to use as a guide for making the rest.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the soup is boiling carefully drop the meatballs into the pot using a spoon. Bring back to a slow simmer and continue simmering for ten minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn up the heat and carefully add the mini raviolis and the spinach. Bring back up to a simmer and continue simmering for ten more minutes or until ravioli are cooked through. Don't cook past this - the meatballs will begin to fall apart. In the meantime make the croutons.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make the croutons saute two cloves garlic in one Olive oil until fragrant. Add two - three tablespoons butter, the cubed bread, and the parsley. Cook over medium-low heat, turning to get all sides browned.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve topped with croutons and with plenty of Parmesan Cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/651965.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:17.22317+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:17.349+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652059</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Miso Eggplant Gratin</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat the oven to 450 F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the eggplant into bite size pieces and soak in water for 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain and pat dry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat the oil in a pan on medium heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the eggplant pieces and brown on both sides.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Season with garlic, salt and pepper and hold.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make the miso-tofu sauce, drain the tofu in a seive.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sift together flour and cornstarch in a microwavable bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slowly add milk to the flour mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Microwave on medium for 2 1/2 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Whisk the mixture to a smooth paste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add butter, stock powder, and heavy cream and mix thoroughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the mixture is still hot, stir in miso and crumble the tofu into the sauce.  Mix till you have a thick paste-like consistency.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour half of the tofu-miso sauce into a casserole dish, cover with cooked eggplant and sprinkle half of the cheese on top.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour the remaining sauce into the dish and top with the remaining cheese.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake for 20 minutes until the gratin is bubbling and golden brown in color.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652059.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:17.979145+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:18.023+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652078</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Miso Soup With Thin Noodles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Directions:</p>

<p>After the miso has been prepared, start adding the "stuff" to the soup pot. It can be your preference, but I opted to start with the onions and chives and then added the zucchini, parsnip, carrots, mushrooms and ginger. Cover the pot and let cook on a low flame for 20-30 minutes, tasting as you go. Add the tofu and pasta, allowing the pasta to cook for 8-10 minutes. Taste the soup, adding red pepper and turn off flame when ready. Place spinach on the bottom of your soup bowl. You can also place the spinach directly in the pot, but since it wilts so quickly I usually do it this way.</p>

<p>What do you usually add to your Miso Soup?</p>

<p>Seriously Soupy Serena</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652078.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:23.876868+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:24.029+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652330</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mommie's Seafood Enchiladas</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Instructions&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;On medium heat, melt up your butter. Now add in your garlic and green onions. Let it cook up for a minute and then add in the cilantro.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spin it around in the pot for a minute or two and then add in the shrimp, chili powder, cumin, salt, and pepper. Cook until the shrimp are just cooked through and then add in the crab. Let it heat through and remove it from the heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add in your lime juice and cream and mix it up. Finally add in your chopped tomato and avocado. Mix it up and get ready to assemble!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grab your tortillas, throw a few spoonfuls on each one, roll them up and stick them in your baking dish. Now grab your jug of salsa verde and throw it over the top. Finally, sprinkle the shredded cheese across the top of the enchiladas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Go ahead and throw them into a 350 degree oven for 15-20 minutes or until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652330.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:27.47411+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:27.625+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652576</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mulligatawny - Quick, Curried Soup Using Trader Joe's Ingredients</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a medium pot over high heat, add oil and saut mirepoix for 4 minutes.  Add chicken and brown for an additional minute.</p>

<p>Add applesauce, Masala Simmer Sauce, and tomato. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes.  Meanwhile prepare frozen rice according to package instructions (3 minutes in microwave).</p>

<p>Take out  cup of soup and slowly stir into yogurt (this will temper the yogurt) and then add mixture back into soup, stirring well.  This soup is meant to be thick, but if youd like it thinner, add water or broth.</p>

<p>Place a scoop of rice in each bowl, add soup, and top with a little more rice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652576.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:02.875876+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:03.022+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652594</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mung Bean Sprout and Quinoa Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;First you sprout!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Soak mung beans over night in a jar covered with cheese cloth.  Note: use rubber band to keep cheese cloth in place.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse and pour out all of the water from the soaked mung beans.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then place jar diagonally in a bowl, like picture below.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash mung beans 2 times a day.  You can have them grow 1 to 2 inches in lengthbut, I just kept them short.  I just let it sit for a little bit more than 1.5 days.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;It is ready to eat after washing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare sprouts&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook quinoa&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Steam. corn&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare veggies (mince, slice, and dice)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place quinoa and prepared veggies in a bowl and mix in dressing.  Then, place over a bed of spinach.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top off with corn (optional)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652594.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:48.432441+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:48.534+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>652706</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mushroom Tofu Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;I just made this up the other day and it was pretty good. The real key is to use a very strong mushroom broth (either make your own or use twice the amount called for with the instant), and to brown all the ingredients first.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large stewpot on med-hi heat, saute onions in beer until very brown and beginning to stick to pot bottom Add just enough mushroom broth to loosen the onions on the bottom of the pan and continue browning. Keep up this process until onions are very dark brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;At the same time, in a large skillet, pour 1/4 cup mushroom broth and add cubed tofu. Brown on all sides as much as possible on med-hi, adding broth when tofu starts to stick, loosening the tofu cubes and cooking until they start to stick again. When tofu cubes are browned well, add to onions and add rest of mushroom broth. If more liquid is needed, add water to cover stew if more liquid is needed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In same skillet, using water, use same process on carrots and mushrooms, browning and loosening with water and then add to the stew mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Finally, add crushed garlic, cover and simmer until full flavor has developed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;This process of browning really increases the flavor of all the contents including the tofu. Don't be afraid to make plenty, as this disappeared fast and there were not enough leftovers for my taste!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/652706.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:59.539836+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:59.637+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653008</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Neoguri (Spicy Seafood Ramen)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. Add mussels and sauce packets into boiling water. Let boil with mussels about 5 minutes to cook and deepen the broth. If using fresh mussels, wait until they open and discard closed mussels.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Include the noodles and cook for a 2, 3 minutes. Add the beaten egg while stirring noodles in a circular motion for even, flaky egg drops. If wanting a poached egg, carefully add the egg off to the side of the pot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. Meanwhile, cut scallion into thin pieces along with gim (seaweed) sheet.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4. Transfer to a serving bowl and add the scallions and gim (seaweed).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653008.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:36.042141+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:36.197+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653072</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>New Years Day Black Eyed Peas</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the peas in a heavy dutch oven type pot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover with water.  then put in 2 more inches of water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to boil , turn heat off, cover and let sit 1 1/2 hours.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir.  Add water to 2 inches above peas again.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add chopped vegetables and ham.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Simmer, 1 - 2 hours, stirring frequently&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt and pepper to taste&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653072.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:21.694528+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:21.776+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653275</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>North African Chickpea Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large soup pot add the oil, onions and celery.  Cook over medium low heat until translucent.  Add the garlic and saute until fragrant.   Add the tomato paste and harissa.  Cook a minute then add the water or stock slowly while stirring to combine the flavor paste in the pot with the liquids.  Throw in the chickpeas and bring to a boil.  As soon as it reaches a boil, reduce heat to a simmer.</p>

<p>Add the pasta and cook according to the package directions.  My suggestion is that if you are using fresh pasta, give it a rinse under tap water to remove the starch before adding it to the soup.  It might make the broth cloudy.  If using rice noodles add them right before serving to prevent overcooked mushy noodles.  To cook rice noodles place them in a shallow dish and cover with hot water for 10-15 minutes to soften.</p>

<p>Just before serving taste for seasoning, adjust to your taste.  Adding too much salt earlier on could make things too salty because some of the ingredients can bring a lot of salt to the pot.  Then add the spinach, it will only take a minute to shrink into nearly nothing, but it is sure a powerhouse vegetable that amps up the nutrition in this meal quickly and without fuss.  A squeeze of fresh lemon juice after it has been taken off the heat will add a nice bright flavor to perk up those dreary dark days of winter.  Enjoy with some crusty bread.  A meal you can feel good about, filling yet light.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653275.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:56.17652+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:56.281+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653322</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Nummy Noodle Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grab a large pan and add in your broth, ginger, 2 tbsp of soy, 1 tsp of the sesame oil and the green onions. Heat up on medium heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the broth is heating up, grab another saute pan and heat up the other tsp of sesame oil and the tsp of soy sauce on medium high heat. When it's good and hot, throw in your cubed tofu. Let it cook up for a good 5 to 7 minutes, turning occassionally, until the tofu is golden brown on the outside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Back in your soup pan with the now hot broth, add in the noodles and give them about 5-7 minutes to soak into the soup and get soft.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the noodles are soft, add in your spinach and give it a spin or two around the pan. Allow a couple minutes for it to wilt completely. Finally, add in your cooked tofu to the soup and give it a minute to heat it up.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653322.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:40.458666+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:40.56+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653374</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Nutrient rich green peas cookies</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven at 350 degree Fahrenheit and prepare a cookie sheet with a liner.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a food processor/grinder combine peas and dates and grind as smooth as possible.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a mixing bowl spoon the peas mix and add tofu and mix well with a spoon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then add almond flour, salt and baking powder and mix well with your hand.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Very soft dough like texture will be formed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Take a tablespoonful of the dough between palms and form a round shape and gently flatten in the middle. Try to even out the flat round cookies as much as possible.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the cookies on the cookie sheet and garnish with raw almonds. (one almond on each cookie and press very gently so they stick together).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the cookie sheet in the middle rack of the oven and bake for 25-30 minutes or until slightly brown in color.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Take it out of the oven and let the cookies cool down for a while and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>15</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653374.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:54.673999+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:54.764+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>653611</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Old-Fashioned Potato Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place unpeeled potatoes in a large stockpot and cover with water by 2-inches. Bring to a boil over high heat, stir in 2 tbsp kosher salt, reduce heat to medium (keep water at a low boil) and cook until you can easily pierce potatoes with a fork, about 20 minutes. Larger potatoes may take longer. Remove from water and set aside to cool.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, chop onions, sweet pickles and celery into small pieces all about the same size. Transfer to a large mixing bowl.</p>

<p>In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, salt, pepper, and enough pickle juice to thin it out a bit. Taste and adjust seasonings until you get a flavor balance you like.</p>

<p>When potatoes are cool enough to handle, but still warm, peel and cut into bite-sized cubes. Add potatoes to bowl with onions, pickles, and celery. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper and toss until all ingredients are evenly distributed. Pour half of mayonnaise mixture over the top and toss until coated. Add remaining mayonnaise as desired to get the amount of sauce you like. My husband likes his potato salad quite dry, and others like it with lots of sauce. Add enough to suit your familys taste. Toss until everything is evenly coated.</p>

<p>Cover with plastic wrap and chill in refrigerator until ready to serve, at least 2 hours if possible. Flavors need time to meld and salad should be served cold.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/653611.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:04.756694+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:04.844+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654008</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Orecchiette with Brown Butter, Broccoli, Pine Nuts, and Basil</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli and cook for about 2 minutes, or just until bright green. Using a mesh spoon or sieve, scoop the broccoli out of the water, draining it well, and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Set aside.</p>

<p>Return the water to a boil. Add the orecchiette and cook, stirring often to ensure it doesnt stick together, for about 8 minutes, or until tender but still firm to the bite. Scoop out and reserve 1/2 cup of the pasta cooking water. Drain the orecchiette.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, heat a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add the butter and stir for about 2 minutes, or until it has turned hazelnut brown. Add the broccoli and cook, stirring often, for about 1 minute, or until hot.</p>

<p>Add the pasta to the broccoli mixture and stir gently to combine. Stir in the basil, pine nuts, and lemon juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in enough of the reserved cooking water to moisten the pasta as necessary.</p>

<p>Divide the pasta among four pasta bowls, drizzle with olive oil, and serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654008.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:08.072164+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:08.157+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654009</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Orecchiette With Sun-Dried and Fresh Cherry Tomatoes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large frying pan, brown the garlic powder in the heated oil. Toss the sun-dried tomatoes into the frying pan and cook for about 2-3 minutes. Add the cherry tomatoes, oregano and chili pepper and cook covered for about 10-15 minutes or till the cherry tomatoes are tender, adding water if necessary to prevent tomates from sticking onthe bottom of the pan. Add the basil leaves and salt to taste.</p>

<p>In the meantime, you have brought water to the boil in a large saucepan. When water boils, add a pinch of coarse salt (according to taste) and the orecchiette. Let them cook till al dente (or according to instructions). Drain them and stir them into the frying pan together with the tomatoes sauce. Saut for about 1-2 minutes, then serve.</p>

<p>According to taste, you can serve the orecchiette with grated pecorino cheese.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654009.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:19.686988+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:19.841+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654045</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Organic Berry Crostata</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pre-heat the oven to 350 F and grease or line a baking sheet.</p>

<p>Wash the fruit, and cut into pieces. Toss fruit with 2 tbsp of sugar. Adjust the sugar amount according to how ripe the fruit is.</p>

<p>Unroll 1 of the pie crusts &amp; fill with about 1 1/2 cups of fruit. Leave 1 inch crust around the pile of fruit. Fold up the edges in a decorative design.</p>

<p>Repeat with the second crust.</p>

<p>Beat the egg and brush over the crusts of the crostata. Sprinkle each crostata with 1 tbsp of brown sugar.</p>

<p>Bake for 30-35 minutes, or until golden brown.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654045.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:35.071623+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:35.221+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654318</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pad Se Ew Tofu With Vegetable Noodles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat up oil to 375 F for deep fry. Deep fry one package of cubed tofu to crispy. They will shrink but crispy like croutons. Remove to a prepared tray. Fry the other package until golden brown. We would want to sear them. Remove and set aside</p>

<p>Heat up a wok to medium hi heat until it's hot like it's about to smoke, then add 1 TBS of oil. Swirl it to coat. If you add oil when the wok isn't hot enough, the wok will absorb oil</p>

<p>Add garlic and stir frequently because it gets burned fast. Crack the eggs. Stir.</p>

<p>When eggs start to cook, add vegetable-broccoli first because it takes longer to cook, the rest to follow. The tips to using a wok are motion and speed. Swirl it to mix. Add roasted onions and keep the food moving</p>

<p>Add oyster sauce, soy sauce, dark soy sauce, fermented beans, sugar, vinegar, white pepper. Stir to mix. Remember, we want to have crisp veggies so don't overcook.</p>

<p>Add noodle, stir in between. Mix well.</p>

<p>Add tofu. We add tofu last because it has been cooked. We only need to warm it up and coat with seasonings.</p>

<p>The stir-fry process happens fast. That's how to work on a wok-motion and speed!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654318.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:39.200111+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:39.346+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654327</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Paella for Four; A Wonderful Spanish Mixed Seafood Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1. Use a 12 inch All-Clad stainless steel pan or equivalent. A paella pan is not necessary.</p>

<p>2. Mix the Spice Mix and rub on the chicken and refrigerate for 1 hour. Let the chicken warm up for 30 minutes before cooking.</p>

<p>3. Heat half of the oil in the pan to medium high heat and brown the sausage rounds, then reserve.</p>

<p>4. Add the remaining oil and chicken and brown on all sides, then reserve.</p>

<p>5. Reduce the heat to medium and add the onions, garlic and parsley to start the sofrito. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes then add the crushed and drained tomatoes and cook for about 3 minutes while flavors meld. This base sauce is the sofrito.</p>

<p>6. Add the rice and stir to mix thoroughly to coat all the rice; about 2 more minutes.</p>

<p>7. Add back the sausage and chicken. Pour in the hot water, bring to a gentle simmer and cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally to mix and place the pieces.</p>

<p>8. Place the clams where you want them in the finished dish and don't stir anymore. Cook for 5 minutes.</p>

<p>9. Place the shrimp tails up where you want them to appear in the finished dish.</p>

<p>10. Cook for about 10 minutes or until the clams are open, the shrimp are pink and the rice is fluffy and moist but not dry.</p>

<p>11. With a fork, feel the bottom of the dish. If it has formed a slight crust, called socarrat, it's ready to be served. If the socarrat has not formed, turn the heat up for 30 to 45 seconds while the crust forms. Then serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/654327-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:21.257905+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:21.392+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654361</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pakistani Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place onion in 2 cups water. Boil 10-20 minutes. Remove onion from water.</p>

<p>Add raisins to butter and heat. Add rice to hot butter and raisins. Stir mixture constantly until rice is browned. Add peas (if frozen, thaw first).</p>

<p>Add the water minus onion. Bring to boil. Simmer 5 minutes in covered pan.</p>

<p>If any liquid remains, simmer uncovered until liquid is gone.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654361.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:09.100878+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:09.204+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654379</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Palak-tofu (bean curd)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat 1tbsp oil  in a pan,add the onions,saute till brown,add ginger garlic paste,saute for a min,add green chillies, chopped tomatoes and saute well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the washed uncut palak,saute for 5 mins till they wilt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Take it out in a plate and allow to cool.grind to coarse paste in a blender.set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 1 tbsp oil in the same pan and saute the tofu cubes,add little salt,turmeric and saute for 2 mins.take them out in a plate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the coarse palak paste in the pan and salt according to the content along with coriander powder.let it cook on slow for 10 mins.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the sauteed tofu cubes,mix well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Crush in the kasuri methi in the palm of your hands and mix in.Pour in the milk or cream,mix well and cover it on slow flame for 5 mins.drop in the butter (it gives an added creamyness)Finish it off with garam masala.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve hot with roti or paratha.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654379.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:53.57258+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:53.728+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654460</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pan-Fried Stuffed Tofu With Oyster Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine all the ingredients for the filling in a bowl and stir until the mixture is well-blended. Stir together all the ingredients for the sauce in a small bowl. Set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the tofu into 10 rectangles, each about 4x7cm in size. Using a spoon to hollow out the center of each tofu rectangle to make a little box. Pat the tofu 'boxes' dry and dust them lightly with cornstarch. Fill each with about 1 tablespoon of the stuffing, mounding it slightly. Pat each piece of stuffed tofu with additional cornstarch.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour enough oil into a skillet to fill 3 inches. Heat oil over medium-high heat to 150C/300F. Deep-fry the stuffed tofu, a few pieces at a time, until the tofu is golden brown and the filling is cooked through, about 5-6 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat a skillet over high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of the reserved oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add green onions and stir-fry until fragrant. Add the sauce and bring to a simmer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slip the fried tofu into the sauce and stir gently to coat. Transfer the tofu onto a serving platter, and serve hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654460.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:48.495209+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:48.633+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654504</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pancit Bihon (Filipino Pancit)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat a saucepan,put 1 tbsp oil and fry the bacon until brown.Set Aside</p>

<p>Add 3 tbsp oil to the sauce pan and caramelized onion then add garlic</p>

<p>Saute until aroma comes out then add the pork slices,cook stir frying for 10 minutes</p>

<p>Add chicken and prawn,saute for 10 minutes.</p>

<p>Then add in rice vermicelli,fried bacon,shitake mushroom,chicken broth,light soy sauce,thick and dark soy sauce,oyster sauce,ground pepper and sugar.</p>

<p>Cook in medium heat for about 10 minutes</p>

<p>Then add the veggies:carrot,cabbage and sweet peas.</p>

<p>Cook for another 5 minutes or until the rice noodle is cook.</p>

<p>Drizzle with sesame oil</p>

<p>Serve hot with Lumpiang Shanghai and soy calamansi dipping.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654504.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:02.395179+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:02.484+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654510</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pancit Sotanghon Guisado</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a wok, saute some garlic and onions, add chicken and shrimp balls.  Add the veggies.  I son't want my veggies to be overcooked, so set it aside as soon as it is ready along with chicken and shrimp balls.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;On the same wok, pour 2 cups of chicken stock.  Now here's my secret, I set aside some boiling hot chicken stock for use later (if needed).  When the stock is boiling in the wok, add the sotanghon noodles.  While some people soak their noodles in water before cooking, I don't follow this rule.  Instead, I cook the sotanghon in the boiling stock without presoaking it.  Within minutes the noodles are cooked.  The noodles absorb the chicken stock quickly, when you see that the stock is absorbed, check the firmness of the noodles.  If it needs to be cooked more and all the stock has been absorbed, add more boiling chicken stock (which you previously set aside).  Let it cook 1-2 minutes.  However, if it's already al dente, take out the excess stock.  You don't want the noodles to absorb more as this will make it soggy.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Another trick is to get the noodles out of the wok right away.  This will prevent you from overcooking the noodles.  Now we're ready to garnish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For garsnishing, use the stir fried chicken/shrimp balls and veggies.  Top it with chicharon (crispy pork rinds) green onions and toasted garlic.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with fish sauce, lemon or calamansi... enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654510.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:00.28244+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:00.372+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654744</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Party Quiches</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>This recipe describes four quiches with different fillings. If preferred, one single filling may be chosen, but the ingredients must be multiplied by four.</p>

<p>1. Salmon with Broccoli and Stilton</p>

<p>2. Salmon with Asparagus and Cheddar</p>

<p>3. Salmon and Mozzarella</p>

<p>4. Salmon with Tomatoes and Feta Cheese</p>

<p>Pre-heat oven to 200 C, 400 F, Gas mark 6. Drain the cans of salmon. Flake and set aside.</p>

<p>Divide the pastry into four and roll out to line four 22.5 cm / 9inch flan dishes. Spread the salmon evenly over the base of each flan.</p>

<p>Arrange the broccoli in one flan, the asparagus in another, and the leeks and tomatoes in the other two. Sprinkle the spring onions over the asparagus quiche, onion over the broccoli, smoked salmon into the leeks and olives into the tomato.</p>

<p>Top the broccoli quiche with Stilton, the asparagus with Cheddar, the leek quiche with Mozzarella and the tomato with Feta cheese and pesto. Beat the remaining ingredients and pour into each flan. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 160C, 325F, Gas mark 3 and cook for 40 minutes. Serve with salad.</p>

<p>Makes 4, serves 24-32. Approx. 255 kcals per serving</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654744.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:41.711631+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:41.856+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>654796</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pasta All'arrabbiata</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;FYI- tomato sauce with just olive oil and lots of hot red pepper flakes exists under a variety of names, one of the monst famous is this one which when translated means "angry". Many times these sauces have pancetta or prosciutto added. If fresh tomatoes are used, cut them into pieces. Place fresh or canned tomatoes with the oil in a medium-sized saucepan over meduim heat and cook for 25 minutes, stirring every so often with a wooden spoon. season to taste with salt and pepper. Pass the mixture through a food mill, using the idsc with the smallest holes, into a second saucepan.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Return the tomatoes to medium heat, add the red pepper flakes, and simmer for 15 miutes more. Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil, add coarse salt to taste, then add the pasta and cook until al dente. coarsely chop the parsely on a board. Drain the pasta , transfer to a warmed platter, out the suace over, and serve immediately. for a variation you can use 15 large fresh basil leaves, torn into thirds, instead of parsley.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/654796.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:48.716928+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:48.857+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655017</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Patti's Paella</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix together paprika, cumin, rosemary, thyme, salt, and pepper and sprinkle on the chicken chunks.  Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or deep pot on a medium high heat.  Add chorizo,chicken and the remaining spice mixture and cook until browned.  Drain excess oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add onion, red and green pepper, garlic.  Cook on medium heat, stirring until softened.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add rice, saffron, tomato, and bay leaf.  Stir to combine and coat the rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add chicken stock and white wine, and bring to a boil.  Stir to blend flavors. Cover.  Cook on low for approximately 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the remaining 10 minutes, add the peas, shrimp and all other seafood.  Bury the seafood deep into the rice and stir.  Cover.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the rice is tender, let the dish sit for a minute in the pot before serving. Garnish on a platter with lemon wedges.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655017.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:40.324461+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:40.457+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655055</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pea Soup With Smoked Pork Ribs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put ribs in cold water and bring to a boil&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add peas, browned onion and carrot and black pepper. Leave for a 1.5 hour on slow heat&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add bay leaves and caraway seeds. Put potato and boil more 15 min.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Top with crispy fried bacon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655055.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:16.830484+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:16.97+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655550</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Peking Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Well, it had to come to this. Taking recipes from paper towel ads.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sigh... See what new toys will do to you? And frankly, if you overlook the fact that this "Peking" chicken recipe completely ignores the spirit of Peking Duck which is cooked primarily for the SKIN, it doesn't sound half bad.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For speed as well as convenience, there's nothing like a microwave oven.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;And, remember that any paper product can burn if used improperly in a microwave or conventional oven. In case of fire, turn microwave off and leave door closed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;1. In 12-inch round or oval microwave-safe baking dish combine honey, soy sauce, lemon juice, ginger, garlic, paprika and sesame seeds. Stir well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2. Coat chicken breasts with marinade, reserving extra sauce; arrange chicken in ring fashion, with ends touching. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3. Cover with 4 sections of paper towel, tucking ends underneath dish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4. Cook on HIGH for 6 to 7 minutes, just until chicken loses its pinkness in the thickest part.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5. To heat tortillas, use 3 sections of paper towels. Place tortillas in center and fold over sides. Heat one stack on HIGH for 1 to 2 minutes, just until warm to the touch. Heat remaining stack as needed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6. To serve, slice chicken and arrange on a platter. Pass small dishes of sliced scallions, hoisin sauce, cilantro and warm tortillas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7. To eat, spread sauce on tortilla; place chicken, scallions and cilantro inside. Roll up and eat with your fingers.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Makes 4 servings.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655550.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:35.607174+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:35.683+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655573</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Penne Arrabiata</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Saute about 1 teaspoon of dried red pepper in a 3 tbsp. olive oil. Add 5 cloves fresh minced garlic, 2 tbsp.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fresh Italian parsley, minced.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When these ingredients are not, but not smoking, add 1 can tomatoes, chopped. (I like Pomi tomatoes which comes in a box). Stir, cover and cook untilthe sauce i heated. Cook the Penne in salted boiling water. Cook until al dante. Drain and add to sauce. Mix throughly Just before serving, add some coarsely chopped fresh basil and a little more parsley. Serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655573.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:52.163051+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:52.264+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655575</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Penne Pasta with Broccoli and Cheese</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large pot add water and bring to a boil. Add pasta and cook until done, about 6 minutes.</p>

<p>Meanwhile, heat the broth, basil, black pepper, garlic and broccoli in a large skillet over medium heat bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until the broccoli is tender-crisp.</p>

<p>Add the pasta to the broccoli mixture and toss to coat.</p>

<p>Add cheese to the pasta mixture</p>

<p>Serve and enjoy!</p>

<p>Makes 4 servings, about 2 cups or so</p>

<p>Calories per serving:  235,  Fat:  2.5.  Cholesterol:  5,  Sodium:  138,  Carbs:  40.3,  Fiber:  8.5,  Sugar:  3.3,  Protein:  12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655575.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:56.945382+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:57.045+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655601</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Penne with Sausage, Tomatoes and Potatoes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large pot add the potatoes and salted water. Bring the water to a boiling and cook the penne pasta until they are al dente.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile in a large deep skillet heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil until warm, but not smoking.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the sausage to the skillet. Cook on medium high heat until nicely browned and cooked through. About 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the tomatoes and cook over medium low heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the pasta and potatoes to the skillet and add the butter and cook stirring until the pasta is well coated.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Transfer to bowls and serve right the way.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655601.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:19.537795+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:19.678+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655649</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Peppered Goat Cheese Log Sliders</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sprinkle cracked peppercorns on parchment paper and roll the Chavrie Goat log in the peppercorns to evenly coat the exterior and refrigerate</p>

<p>With a 1  oz. scoop separate the ground beef into 12 scant portions and hand form pattys and refrigerate</p>

<p>Pre heat a grill to high</p>

<p>Slice the plum tomatoes in  inch slices set aside</p>

<p>Slice the Chavrie Goat Log in  inch slices place on a sheet tray and refrigerate</p>

<p>Season the burgers with salt and pepper and grill for 2 minutes on each side</p>

<p>To assemble the slider lay out all the bottoms of the brioche rolls</p>

<p>Begin the stacking process by placing a cooked burger on each roll , top with Chavrie  Goat log slice , plum tomato slice , watercress and drizzle with olive oil and top with roll</p>

<p>Serve warm</p>

<p>Serving Suggestion:</p>

<p>Serve as an appetizer or serve (2) with matchstick potatoes as a light lunch with Heineken beer</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655649.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:11.889977+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:12.027+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>655822</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pesto Fresh Caprese Sandwich</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;1. Cut roll in half.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;2. Spread top of the roll with pesto.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;3. Place sliced tomatoes on the bottom half of the bun.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;4. Stack with sliced fresh mozzarella and basil leaves.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;5. Enjoy!&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/655822.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:07.347284+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:07.498+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>656481</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Poached Egg With Spinach and Tomato</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;Take a wide skillet and fill it with enough water so the eggs can be submerged. Bring it up to a steady boil and then drop the temperature so it's at a steady simmer. Add the vinegar.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Break one egg into a bowl and slowly pour into the boiling water. Do the same with the second egg. Let it cook until the white is cooked around the yolk, about two to three minutes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;In the meanwhile, heat another wide frying pan and add some olive oil. Add the garlic and chilli and saut for about a minute until fragrant. Add the spinach, mix gently and cover. Cook for a minute and shut off the heat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Separate amidst the two slices of toast and add some slices of tomato.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Top each bed of vegetables with a poached egg. Season with some salt and pepper. Serve immediately.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>20</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/656481.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:53.51865+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:53.667+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>656506</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Poached Prawns with Fettuccine and French String Beans</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook pasta according the packaging directions. Drain and add the string beans and 1 tablespoon butter and stir well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a skillet add water and bring to boil point and start adding the butter, tablespoon at the time to emulsify. Once all the butter is melted add the prawns and poach  just below simmer- until the prawns are cooked and turn a nice pink color. Season with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the prawn leaving the juice in the skillet. Add the pasta with the French string beans to the skillet and stir to coat the fettuccine well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place pasta in the middle of the plate and place the prawns over it with any juices.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/656506.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:11.035792+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:11.186+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>656544</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Polenta gnocchi with savoy cabbage and cheese</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the cold precooked polenta in a mixer and blend it with the egg until creamy.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the buckwheat flour. You will need more or less 1/3 of a cup, but a lot depends on how sticky your polenta. Add enough flour to get a soft dough that doesn't stick to your hand.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Form the gnocchi on a floured surface by rolling out the dough in long logs, more or less as thick as a thumb and then cut them in gnocchi. If you want the gnocchi to look super nice, roll them on a fork to give them the characteristic stripes (I never do). Place the gnocchi in the fridge while you prepare the sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the savoy cabbage in stripes, wash it and stew it with a bit of water until wilted. Drain it and sautee it with 1 spoon butter and salt until cooked.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare the cheese by dicing it and the rest of the butter by melting it with the sage and the garlic.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook the gnocchi in salted boiling water in batches. Throw 10-20 gnocchi in the pot of boiling water and fish them out once they start floating. Drain them and add them to a bowl. Dress with cheese, cabbage and butter and keep layering the ingredients in the bowl until you run out.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Do not mix the gnocchi in the bowl, as they are rather soft and would break. If the cheese didn't melt much, you can microwave the bowl for a couple of minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve piping hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/656544.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:20.971532+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:21.126+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>656795</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pork Patty Bánh Mì</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 350 degrees.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix ground pork, garlic, onion, oyster sauce, and salt and pepper and form into long thin patties to fit the baguette.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Melt the butter on a griddle or skillet over medium high heat and grill patties on both sides until they are cooked all the way through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook take and bake baguette in the oven for about 5 minutes at 350 degrees, just until the outside starts to crisp.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from oven, and using a bread knife, cut into desired length, then cut in half lengthwise leaving enough connected on one side to hinge it together.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then, scoop out as much of the inside of the bread as you can with your fingers.  Its usually best to just do the bottom, as the ridges on the top of the baguette can cause problems when scooping.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;On the inside, spread mayonnaise and drizzle on Sriracha.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place pork patties down first, then the deli meat, and then the cucumber slices, carrot, red onion, cilantro, scallion, and jalapeno to taste.  Drizzle with lime juice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/656795.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:05.56239+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:05.66+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>656855</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pork-Stuffed Tofu With Tomato Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the pork-stuffed tofu - drain tofu in a fine-meshed sieve for at least 10 min.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large bowl, beat two eggs.  Add ground meat, scallions, fish sauce, 1/2 tsp salt and 1/2 tsp pepper and gently stir together.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice the block of tofu in half, and then each half into thirds or quarters so you have 6 - 8 slices - you want them to be about 1/2" thick.  These are fairly thin slices but I prefer stuffing the filling shallower to ensure everything cooks through, rather than thicker slices and stuffing the filling deeper into the tofu&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;With a small spoon, scoop out some of the tofu from each slice, creating a little well to stuff meat into.  Make sure you leave a border of tofu around the well, and if you go through the other side of the tofu a little, don't worry about it.  As long as most of it's intact, it'll stay together just fine.  Place the stuffed tofu slices on a few layers of paper towel to keep absorbing any excess moisture from the tofu. Add the scooped out tofu to the meat mixture and gently stir in.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stuff the meat filling into the tofu, smoothing it out on top to cover most of the tofu.  Form any remaining meat filling into small patties about 2" wide and about 1/2" thick - they'll be pretty loose patties so you'll be better off with smaller patties.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large nonstick skillet, pour enough oil to cover the whole bottom with a thin layer, about 2-3 tablespoons.  Heat oil over medium high heat.  Reduce heat to medium and place tofu slices in, tofu side down.  Cook until browned, about 4-5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While tofu is cooking, start the tomato sauce.  In a medium saucepan, heat a tablespoon of oil over medium heat.  Add garlic and cook until softened.  Add tomatoes, fish sauce, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper and sugar.  Let simmer about 10 min.  Taste and adjust seasoning to your own taste. If it has gotten too thick or the flavors are a little strong, add a little broth or water to thin out and let simmer a little longer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Back to the tofu - flip pieces over and cook for another 4-5 minutes until the meat side is lightly browned and the meat is cooked through.  If the oil and pan has gotten pretty hot, it may take less than this.  You may also want to reduce the heat a little if it seems really hot.  When finished, move the slices to a plate lined with a few layers of paper towels, or a rack over a baking sheet to drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Repeat with the remaining tofu and any patties you have.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve pork-stuffed tofu and patties over brown jasmine rice (or white if you prefer) and spoon tomato sauce over them.  Garnish with sliced scallions.  You can also serve with a simple vegetable if you like to round out the meal.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/656855.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:26.23056+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:26.38+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657579</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quick Chicken Enchilada Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large sauce pan, combine corn, beans, tomatoes, chicken, enchilada sauce, mushroom soup, and milk.</p>

<p>Cook over medium heat while stirring for 15 minutes.</p>

<p>Serve over tortillas chips and topped with shredded cheese.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657579.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:56.03248+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:56.178+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657679</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa Salad With Avocado, Asparagus and Sun Dried Tomatoes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse quinoa under cold running water for a minute or two to get rid of the bitter aftertaste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Transfer to a pot or rice cooker, add 2 cups of water, salt, cover and bring to a boil. Lower down the heat and cook 15 min or until water is absorbed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In another pot bring water to a boil, add asparagus and simmer 5-8 min or until soft.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When ready cool down the quinoa and asparagus. Meanwhile chop all the veggie ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare the dressing by simply mixing all of its ingredients (lemon juice, 2 tbs olive oil, 1 garlic clove, 1 tsp italian seasoning, 1/2 tsp honey, pinch of salt) in a bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a bowl combine quinoa, avocado, asparagus, sun dried tomatoes and shallots. Pour the dressing and mix until all is combined.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657679.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:24.777685+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:24.909+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657682</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa Stuffed Mushrooms</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 375F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In medium sauce pan, add quinoa and water to boil (add optional pinch of salt), cover with tight fitting lid and turn heat down to simmer. Cook 15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, in medium saute pan, heat cooking oil and saute chopped mushroom stems, garlic and onion over medium heat. Add a dash of salt and pepper. Cook for about 5-7 minutes, stirring.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add diced tomato, bell pepper, and onion mixture to quinoa along with salt, pepper &amp;amp; garlic salt. Mix thoroughly and let it finish cooking with the lid on.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare baking sheet with parchment paper or tin foil and spray with non-stick spray.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Lay washed and dried mushroom caps out on sheet and drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt &amp;amp; pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Carefully stuff each mushroom cap with quinoa mixture and bake in oven for about 20-25 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657682.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:10.420025+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:10.513+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657686</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa Tabbouleh Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Bring water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add quinoa and stir. Cover and reduce heat. Allow quinoa to simmer on medium-low heat until all water is cooked off, about 20 minutes. Stir occasionally. Be careful not to burn your quinoa. Allow to cool.</p>

<p>Place cooled quinoa into a large bowl (preferably something with an airtight lid).</p>

<p>Add all remaining ingredients and gently stir until very well-mixed. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour.</p>

<p>Stir again before serving.</p>

<p>Can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for two or three days. But it's best on the first day, when the veggies are still fresh and crisp!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657686.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:41.740043+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:41.886+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657689</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa Tabouli with Lemon Garlic Grilled Shrimp</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Add salt to water and boil.</p>

<p>Toast Quinoa for a couple of minutes in a dry pan  moving around so it doesnt burn (when you hear it pop, count to 5 and remove immediately)</p>

<p>Add Quinoa and cook for 12 minutes on a soft boil, or until all the water is soaked into the Quinoa.</p>

<p>While cooking the Quinoa, add minced garlic to lemon juice, allow to sit.</p>

<p>Remove Quinoa from heat and add lemon juice and garlic mixture, mix well. Allow to absorb and cool.</p>

<p>Chop all veg into similar sized pieces (I like about 1/4 dice).</p>

<p>Chop parsley and mint finely.</p>

<p>When Quinoa has cooled, mix everything together. Serve with grilled shrimp!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657689.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:08.937799+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:09.042+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>657698</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa, Tomato, Green Onion Side Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put your quinoa and your water in a pan. Heat over medium heat until bubbling, then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for about 15 minutes or until all the water is absorbed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While your quinoa is cooking, get out and wash your green onions and tomatoes. Chop them roughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop a lemon in half and squeeze one half's juice into a bowl, picking out the seeds.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Let your quinoa cool. A little warm is fine.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add olive oil, lemon juice, and tomatoes and green onions to the pan. Stir.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt and pepper to your liking.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve chilled&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/657698.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:15.102535+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:15.199+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658269</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Rice noodle salad with sesame oil dressing</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook the noodles as per instructions on the packet.</p>

<p>Combine all the dressing ingredients in a bowl. Check for seasoning and salt as required. Add the carrot, spring onion, chilli and prawns to the dressing and mix well. Add the noodles and toss everything together. Sprinkle on the peanuts and serve.</p>

<p>If you don't like the taste of raw spring onion, then stir fry it with the carrot and chilli for a couple of minutes and add it to the dressing :)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658269.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:52.938123+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:53.038+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658270</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Rice Noodles With Wonton/chinese Ravioli In Mushroom Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Soak the rice noodles in warm water for about 20 minutes or until they are soft. Then, set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a small bowl, place just enough warm water and soak the mushrooms until soft. (This water can be incorporated into the recipe you are making and can add a lot of flavor to your dish. Strain it if you wish to use). Squeeze out excess water, slice mushrooms up to the stem on all sides and discard the stem since it is usually too tough to eat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To quickly cook the finely chopped carrots, put the carrots in the bowl with some water. Then, put in the microwave for about 1-2 minutes. Set aside for garnish later.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make the wontons, mix all the ingredients in a bowl. Place a wonton skin with one point towards you. Spoon about 1 tsp of the filling just off-center of skin. Fold bottom point of wonton skin over filling to make it into triangle shape. Press the edges to seal. Repeat until the filling is finished. Set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat a pan with some olive or vegetable oil. Put in the chopped garlic, cook until almost brown. Then, put in the sliced shiitake mushroom. Stir for 2-3 minutes. Add in the seasonings. After that, add in the water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Let it simmer for about 10  15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the mushroom sauce is cooking away, bring a saucepan to boil and cook wontons in batches. It should take about 5 minutes or less (depending on the size of the filling) for each wonton to cook.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, reheat the noodles and arrange desired portion on the plate.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Thicken the sauce with the cornflour mixture. Spoon fair amount of sauce over the noodles.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Garnish the noodles with carrots and spring onion.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Finally, top the noodles with (some) wontons. Drizzle some sesame oil over the sauce before serving if you wish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658270.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:29.850538+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:30.006+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658509</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Roasted Broccoli with Lemon and Garlic</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large bowl, add broccoli florets, olive oil, salt, pepper and garlic. Spread the broccoli out in an even layer on a baking sheet.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake in the preheated oven until broccoli is tender enough to pierce the stems with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove and place in a bowl, toss with lemon juice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658509.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:05.891386+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:06.047+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658675</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Roasted Sweet Potato and Quinoa Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 400F. Peel and large dice sweet potato. Place sweet potato on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with 2 Tbsp. olive oil and sea salt. Roast in the oven for 20 min. In a large pot saute onion and carrot until tender. Add potato to the onion mixture and add the chicken stock. Simmer for 20-30 min. until all vegetables are completely tender. With a hand blender or standup blender mix until pureed. Adjust seasoning. Add quinoa and reheat.</p>

<p>For the panko topping, melt the butter in a small fry pan and add the panko and cook until lightly browned. Add the parmesan and stir to combine.</p>

<p>Top each bowl of soup with the panko crumbs and garnish with the parsley.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658675.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:19.494585+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:19.587+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658743</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Roll Up Eggplant Lasagna</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Peel eggplant. Place the eggplant upright on the cutting board and slice the eggplant in long thin vertical slices. Sprinkle some salt and black pepper on eggplant.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat one tbsp of olive oil in a pan and fry the eggplant slices lightly from both sides. Keep aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Now heat rest of 1 tbsp of olive oil and put onions in it. Stir-fry until translucent. Add some garlic salt, red crushed pepper, and Italian seasoning, and mix well. Take onions off heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat the marinara sauce in a pan and adjust the spices per your taste. Now layer the baking dish with 1 cup of sauce in the bottom.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Now taking one strip of pasta at a time, start layering it with 2 slices of eggplant, then onions and top it off with some cheese. Start rolling pasta starting from one end and go till end. Put it seam side down in the baking dish. Repeat this process until all the pasta sheets are finished.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover the pasta completely with the rest of the sauce. Sprinkle rest 1 cup of the cheese on top of it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake at 400 degree F in a pre-heated oven for about 25 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Let cool down for 5-7 min and serve warm with ur favorite pasta or soup.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658743.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:31.726102+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:31.823+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>658753</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Roma Tomato Bruschetta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice the bread on a bias about 1/2 inch thick. We need about 10-12 slices.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Take 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil and add salt and pepper (about 1/3 teaspoon each - as per taste).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brush this on both sides of the bread.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place these slices on a sheet pan and bake for about 3-4 minutes in a 400 degree preheated oven till golden brown. Once one side is done, turn over the crostini to the other side to crisp that as well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When the crostini are hot out the oven, rub a garlic clove on them.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop the tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chiffonade the basil and add to the tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt, pepper, olive oil and balsamic vinegar and let it rest for a few minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put a generous amount of tomato on the crostini and serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/658753.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:44.947782+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:45.084+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659006</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Salad Nicoise</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Marinate tuna steaks in a little olive oil for an hour. Heat a large skillet on medium high heat, or place on a hot grill. Cook the steaks 2 to 3 minutes on each side until cooked through.</p>

<p>Whisk lemon juice, oil, shallot, thyme, basil, oregano, and mustard in medium bowl; season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside.</p>

<p>Bring potatoes and 4 quarts cold water to boil in a large pot. Add 1 tablespoon salt and cook until potatoes are tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a medium bowl with a slotted spoon (do not discard boiling water). Toss warm potatoes with 1/4 cup vinaigrette; set aside.</p>

<p>While potatoes are cooking, toss lettuce with 1/4 cup vinaigrette in large bowl until coated. Arrange bed of lettuce on a serving platter. Cut tuna into 1/2-inch thick slices, coat with vinaigrette. Mound tuna in center of lettuce. Toss tomatoes, red onion, 3 tablespoons vinaigrette, and salt and pepper to taste in bowl; arrange tomato-onion mixture on the lettuce bed. Arrange reserved potatoes in a mound at edge of lettuce bed.</p>

<p>Return water to boil; add 1 tablespoon salt and green beans. Cook until tender but crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain beans, transfer to reserved ice water, and let stand until just cool, about 30 seconds; dry beans well. Toss beans, 3 tablespoons vinaigrette, and salt and pepper to taste; arrange in a mound at edge of lettuce bed.</p>

<p>Arrange hard boiled eggs, olives, and anchovies (if using) in mounds on the lettuce bed. Drizzle eggs with remaining 2 tablespoons dressing, sprinkle entire salad with capers (if using), and serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659006.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:42.233645+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:42.336+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659069</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Salmon En Papillote With Mangos and Orange Suprêmes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 400 degrees.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut salmon into four pieces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut 4 large pieces of parchment, around 16 inches long each.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold each piece of parchment in half and cut out half a heart, as if you were making a valentine.  It will help if your valentine is very rounded.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place salmon filets onto the hearts, at the edge of the fold in the center of the shape.   Sprinkle with salt and pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover each filet with  each of the onion rings, the mango cubes, and the orange suprmes, along with some of the orange juice.  Top with dried cranberries.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;With a pastry brush, spread melted butter all along the edge of the heart on both sides, then fold the heart over to close.  Now you will seal this packet closed.  Starting at the top of the heart at the crease,  make a 1/2-inch-deep fold in the open edge of the parchment.  Because the shape is curved, you can hold this fold down and make another fold overlapping the first one, which holds it in place.  Do this again and again around the round part of the heart.  Once you get to the bottom tip and run out of curve, make one last good fold to hold all the previous ones in place, then twist the bottom firmly several times to secure it.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brush the top of each sealed packet with more melted butter.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place packets in a shallow baking dish and bake for 12 minutes for an inch-thick fillet, which is the fatter part of many salmon youll find at the marketthe medium-large ones, not the really big ones.  For the skinnier part of a salmon steak, cooking time will be more like 8 minutes or even less.  Watch for the puffing up of the packet, which will indicate sufficient steam has been produced in the packet to cook the salmon well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove packets from oven and let them rest for a few moments to finish steaming before serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To serve, place each packet on a plate and cut a cross in the top of the packet, right in the center, then fold back each of the four flaps to create a square hole that reveals the salmon and its toppings underneath. If the salmon has shifted over, just gently tilt the plate so that the fish slides over and becomes centered.  Sprinkle with chives and chives blossoms, if you have them.  Serve immediately upon opening.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659069.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:20.196714+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:20.3+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659081</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Salmon Frittata</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain and flake salmon. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spray 9 x 13-inch baking pan with non-stick vegetable coating. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine flaked salmon with remaining ingredients and pour into prepared baking pan. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake at 375 F for 30 minutes, or until frittata is set.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659081.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:07.994968+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:08.096+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659109</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Salmon Quinoa Risotto</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a 4 quart saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium high heat.</p>

<p>When oil is shimmering, add diced onion.</p>

<p>Saute onion until transparent.  Add quinoa to onion mixture and stir, to toast quinoa, for 2 minutes.</p>

<p>Add 1 cup of vegetable stock to quinoa and onions.</p>

<p>Stir until stock is absorbed.  Once stock is absorbed, add 1 cup of stock.</p>

<p>Continue stirring until stock is absorbed.</p>

<p>Add remaining stock in 1/2 cup intervals, stirring until all stock is absorbed.</p>

<p>Remove from heat.</p>

<p>While preparing the onion quinoa mixture, heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a saute pan with chopped garlic (over medium high heat).</p>

<p>Once garlic is sizzling, add chopped kale to the pan.</p>

<p>Turn kale to coat with oil and garlic.</p>

<p>Turn kale mixture until fragrant (approximately 2 minutes).  Remove kale mixture from heat.</p>

<p>Once quinoa is complete, add kale and salmon.</p>

<p>Stir to combine.</p>

<p>Add salt and pepper to taste.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659109.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:13.449526+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:13.55+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659396</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sausage, Spinach, and Quail Egg Breakfast Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place the spinach, scallions, and tomatoes in a bowl.</p>

<p>Drizzle the red wine vinegar and olive oil and toss a bit.</p>

<p>Sprinkle black pepper.</p>

<p>Place the cooked sausage links over that.</p>

<p>Place your fried egg over that, then sprinkle it with a pinch of salt and red pepper flakes.</p>

<p>Slice and toast baguette, and spread a bit of butter on one side.</p>

<p>*To fry the egg, melt butter in skillet on medium heat.</p>

<p>Crack egg into skillet and fry just until egg white is cooked, or sunny-side up, roughly 1 minute.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659396.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:36.076237+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:36.19+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659604</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Scrambled tofu with rocket</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat the coconut oil in a pan, on medium heat. Add the cumin and let it sputter. Add in the chopped onion and green chilli and cook for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook for a further minute.</p>

<p>Add the turmeric powder and salt to taste, and stir well. Lightly crumble the tofu and and mix gently. Cook for 5 minutes. Toss in the rocket, mix and cook for a couple of minutes. Season with some pepper.</p>

<p>Serve the scrambled tofu with some grilled tomatoes, rocket leaves and vegan sausages.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659604.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:32.834621+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:32.935+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659742</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Serbian Raznjici - Kebabs With Pork, Bacon, Onion and Sweet Pepper</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cut the meat, peppers, onions and bacon in to bite size squares.</p>

<p>Arrange cut ingredients on wooden stick.</p>

<p>Place oil in a grill pan and pan roast for about 10-15 minutes until golden brown. In the process of roasting, add salt and pepper.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659742.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:49.301924+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:49.456+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>659988</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Shrimp pasta with white wine tomato cream sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;If you are using frozen shrimp, remove them from the fridge and allow to come to room temperature before using.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook your pasta according to package directions. 1 or 2 minutes before your pasta is done cooking, ladle about 250ml / 1 cup of the cooking water into a cup.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the meantime, heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and saut until soft and translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the wine and stir.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the tomatoes and simmer until the wine has evaporated, about 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce, along with the shrimp and cream, and toss to combine. If you find the sauce is too thick, add a splash of the pasta water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the coriander and serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Find more recipes on my blog http://alalemon.com&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/659988.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:30.281094+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:30.436+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660019</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Shrimp With Scallop Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Season shrimp and scallop with salt and pepper (separate bowls), put aside.</p>

<p>Heat deep large pan with olive oil, add shrimp and cook until opaque for about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl, set aside.</p>

<p>Re-using the same pan, add 1 teaspoon of oil and garlic, cook over medium fire until golden brown. Add canned tomatoes and juice, and 1-1.5 cups of water, bring to boil. Reduce heat, simmer and stir occasionally until tomatoes soften and saucy. Remove sauce from heat and add in cherry tomatoes, stir.</p>

<p>Scallops: Add 1 teaspoon of oil, stir in minced garlic, cook until fragrant. Place scallops on its side, until brown on both sides. Set aside.</p>

<p>Once pasta is al dente, drain and return pasta to pot. Stir in tomato sauce, shrimp, and basil. Season with bits of salt and pepper (optional), toss with scallop and serve.</p>

<p>Note: Serves 2-3.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660019.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:42.889733+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:43.04+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660021</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Shrimp With Tomatoes, Feta, and Pine Nuts</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Toast pine nuts in a small skillet over medium-low heat until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Remove to a small bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the same skillet, heat olive oil over medium-low heat. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Add grape tomatoes and continue to stir for 1 minute.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir in oregano. Add shrimp and wine and saute until shrimp turn an opaque pink color.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add brown rice to pan and stir to combine all ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn off the heat and add feta cheese and pine nuts, tossing gently. Serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660021.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:42.484104+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:42.586+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660048</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Siamese Fried Noodle (Mee Siam)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat oil in a frying pan.  Lightly fry the chopped dried shrimps and tofu separately.  Dish out and leave aside.</p>

<p>Stir fry  the pounded ingredients and kaffir lime leaves until aromatic.  Add prawns and fry until they are half-cooked.  Dish out the prawns and set aside.</p>

<p>Add in seasonings and bring to the boil.  Add meehoon and stir fry.</p>

<p>Mix in dried shrimps, tofu slices, prawns, chives and beansprouts.  Toss well.</p>

<p>Serve hot with a drizzle of lime/lemon juice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660048.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:14.930124+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:15.033+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660109</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Simple lentil soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Rinse the lentils and let them soak for a couple of hours in lukewarm water before cooking.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put all the ingredients together in a saucepan and cook for 45 min to 1 hour over medium heat, until the lentils are cooked.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;If you use a pressure cooker, the soup will be ready in 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>180</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660109.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:43.335455+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:43.477+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660126</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>simple potato salad + bacon + onion</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Rinse and scrub potatoes under cold water.</p>

<p>Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water.</p>

<p>Season the water with salt and bring to a boil, cook for 15-20 minutes, or until a fork goes in easily with just the slightest bit of resistance.</p>

<p>While the potatoes are cooking we can prep our green onions. Cut diagonally (on the bias) to get nice, thin slices of onion.</p>

<p>Next halve a large onion and cut off the roots.</p>

<p>You'll only need half of the onion so wrap one in plastic wrap and reserve it in the fridge.</p>

<p>Flip the onion onto it's rounded end and take the wiggily core piece out from the center. Then with long slender strokes, slice the onion going against the layers.</p>

<p>Reserve the slices in a separate bowl.</p>

<p>Stack the bacon on top of each other and cut sticks about the same width as your onions.</p>

<p>In a cold pan, it is critical that the pan be stone cold, place your bacon sticks and fry over medium heat.</p>

<p>Cook until all the fat has rendered from the bacon and they are dark and crispy.</p>

<p>Take the bacon out of the pan and reserve three tablespoons of the bacon fat and use a paper towel to mop up the excess.</p>

<p>Caramelize the onions in the same pan. Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes or until they are amber in color and slightly soft. You don't need to cook them all the way soft.</p>

<p>Somewhere along the recipe timeline your potatoes should have finished cooking. When they're done, drain them in a colander.</p>

<p>When they are thoroughly dry, cut them in wedges roughly half the size of a golf ball.</p>

<p>Put the wedges in a large bowl along with mayo, the bacon, caramelized onions, most of the green onions, and rendered bacon fat.</p>

<p>Fold this together careful not to mash the potatoes and taste for seasoning.</p>

<p>This can be made ahead and stored in the refrigerator, or eaten warm straight from the bowl.</p>

<p>Garnish with reserved green onions. And as always, Chow!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660126.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:34.385519+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:34.529+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660133</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Simple Roast Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Wash the chicken inside and out and pat dry. Make sure the skin is nice and dry so the skin gets crispy. Season well with salt and pepper inside, out and under the skin.</p>

<p>Mix the butter with the garlic, chilli and lemon rind. Season a bit with salt and pepper. Stuff the flavoured butter under the skin over the breast, legs and back. Stuff the lemon half into the cavity.</p>

<p>Pre-heat the oven to 400F. Toss the two kinds of potatoes in the bottom the the baking pan with the chilli, salt and pepper to taste and a generous helping of olive oil. Place a rack over the vegetables. Position the chicken breast side up on the rack.</p>

<p>Bake for the first 15 minutes at 400F. Then drop the temperature and continue to cook for about an hour at 300F.</p>

<p>Halfway through cooking turn the chicken on its breast. Spoon over some of the juices.</p>

<p>Later, to check for doneness, pierce the thickest part of the chicken (the thigh). If the juices run clear the chicken is ready, if not continue cooking.</p>

<p>Serve chicken on a platter on the bed of roasted potatoes.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660133.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:50.638646+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:50.74+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660283</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>SLOW COOKER CHICKEN GUMBO SOUP</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Put all ingredients in crockpot and cook on high for 4 hours or low for 6 to 7 hours.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660283.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:34.471243+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:34.563+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660286</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slow Cooker Chicken Verde Enchilada</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Layer the chicken in the slow cooker. Make sure it is completely defrosted before cooking. Sprinkle all of the spices over the chicken. Place the jalapenos, tomatillos, onion and garlic on top of the chicken, making sure to let them sit on top so you can easily pull out later. Pour water into the slow cooker. Put lid on turn to low and cook for 2 hours. Turn to high and cook for 2 more hours until chicken is cooked all the way through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pull all the vegetables out of the slow cooker and place in blender. Puree the mixture till smooth. Remove chicken place on a cutting board and shred chicken, discarding skin and bones.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the chicken back in the slow cooker. Pour the sauce over the chicken and mix until evenly distributed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. Make enchiladas, place about  cup of chicken mixture in tortilla. Sprinkle 1 TBSP of Cheddar Cheese on top of chicken. Roll tortilla and place it seam side down in a large glass baking dish. Repeat till all chicken mixture is gone, which makes about 18 enchiladas. You will need to use between 2-3 glass baking dishes, depending on the size.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make the sauce. Add avocado, yogurt, lime juice, pepper and garlic powder to blender. Puree until smooth. Use a spatula to evenly distribute sauce over all dishes of enchiladas. Divide and sprinkle the Mexican cheese over all the enchiladas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover in foil and bake until cheese is melting and bubbly, about 20 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/660286-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:18.80287+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:18.9+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660313</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slow-Roasted Tomatoes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare the tomatoes. Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 325 degrees f. Add 2 T. oil to a 13 x 9-inch nonreactive baking pan (such as glass or ceramic). Sprinkle half the garlic and half the basil over the bottom of the pan. Add the tomatoes to the pan and season lightly with salt. Sprinkle with the remaining garlic and basil. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Bake for 1 1/2 hours.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the breadcrumbs: While the tomatoes are baking, place the bread in a food processor and pulse to make breadcrumbs. Heat 1 T. olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the breadcrumbs and saute, stirring fairly constantly until browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool completely. When cool add Parmesan, basil and parsley. Serve the breadcrumbs sprinkled on the tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660313.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:36.842378+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:36.99+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>660370</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Smoked Salmon Fettuccine</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook noodles according to package directions, drain and place in cold water bath.  Keep a pan of hot water ready to reheat noodles.</p>

<p>In a 12 skillet, melt butter and lightly saut garlic for a minute  do not brown.  Pour in cream and bring to a light boil, then lower heat and simmer rapidly to reduce the sauce by half, or until thick and creamy.  Stir in asparagus and pine nuts, then add chunked up salmon (bite sized pieces) and lightly stir around and add reheated/drained noodles.  Serve immediately on warmed plates.  Top each serving with fresh grated Parmesan Reggiano and fresh lemon juice to taste.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/660370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:46.547556+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:46.65+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661121</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spicy Lemongrass Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chop the lemongrass into 2 inch pieces and then slice down the center, add to the soup pot along with the broth and coconut milk, garlic and ginger.  Bring to a boil and them simmer on low for 30 minutes.  Once the broth is done simmering you will want to strain it through some cheese cloth.  The lemongrass stalks are not edible, I found that out the hard way.</p>

<p>Bring the broth back to a simmer and add the tofu, mushrooms, snow peas and the rice noodles.</p>

<p>You can add the lime juice at any time.</p>

<p>I added some lime juice at the beginning and then some at the end before serving.</p>

<p>Simmer until the noodles are soft.</p>

<p>Garnish with grated ginger or scallions.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661121.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:55.638608+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:55.74+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661122</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spicy lentil and black rice soup with kale, spinach and leek</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Start by soaking your beautiful green lentils in water while you dice up all of your veggies.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While your lentils are soaking in the water, chop up your  carrots, celery, garlic, onion and leek.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once all your veggies are chopped, heat up the olive oil in a stock pot over medium high heat and add the diced veggies.  Cook just until the the onion and garlic softens, about 7 minutes or so.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While your veggies are cooking, chop up your kale and get it ready to go, but don't add it yet.  You don't need to worry about chopping the spinach leaves, when it comes time to add them, just use the whole leaf.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once your veggies are cooked, drain your lentils and add them and the rice to the veggies. If you can't find a black rice, just use wild rice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Give the veggies, rice and lentils a stir and then add your veggie broth, water, kale, spinach and all of the spices and turn the heat to high.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Keep the burner on high just until the soup boils, reduce the heat to low and cover for 25 minutes. Covering the soup will ensure that the lentils and rice cook thoroughly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;After the soup cooks covered for 25 minutes, remove the cover and continue to cook on low for another 30 minutes or so.  I added another 1/2 tsp of salt and a bit of pepper for flavoring at this point and it was a perfect balance.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;After the final 30 minutes of simmer, simply serve and enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661122.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:41.763479+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:41.863+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661223</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spicy Vegan Chili</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat the olive oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot, add the onions. When the onions start to turn translucent, add the diced potatoes. Let it cook for a minute or two, and add the diced tomatoes, jalapeo, garlic, chili powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook everything for about another minute and add the vegetable broth. Bring the broth to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the chili is cooking, remove the rough stem from the collard green leaves. Chop them into strips.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once the chili has boiled, add the beans and chopped collards. Chop the tofu in half, and crumble each half with your hands. I did this right over the boiling pot. Be careful of hot liquids splashing out!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Season with the salt and boil for another 5-10 minutes, or until the potatoes can be easily pierced with a fork.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn off the heat and serve the chili with some ground pepper.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Store any leftovers in an airtight container.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661223.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:43.0025+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:43.104+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661287</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spinach Chickpea - Palak Chana Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Method&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grind clean spinach and green chilies into smooth paste and set it aside&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a deep heavy bottom pot, warm 2 tbsp of oil, add cinnamon, cloves and cardamom. Wait for 30 to 45 seconds then add sliced onions. Fry onions till they are transparent or light brown. Now add in spinach chili paste. Fry till the oil separates out, add cooked chickpeas, mix well  Add grated coconut, fry for 30 seconds. Next add in soaked rice and fry for another 2 minutes, then mix salt. Pour in water and cook till the rice is cooked. Serve with curd or rita. I garnished the food with carrot curls and flower, check this video if you want to learn  carrot curls  and  carrot flowers&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661287.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:18.807253+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:18.911+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661302</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spinach Kugel</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Mix the above ingredients together and pour into a 3 quart greased mold. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/661302-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:32.258968+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:32.358+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661427</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Spring Risotto with Shrimp, Asparagus and Artichoke Hearts</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a small saucepan, bring chicken/vegetable broth to a boil. Once boiled, reduce heat to low and keep hot.</p>

<p>In a separate large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat then add garlic and shallot and saute for 2-3 minutes, until softened. Add rice and stir, then add in the wine and stir until nearly absorbed by the rice.</p>

<p>Add  cup of the hot broth, stirring until absorbed. Keep adding the broth,  cup at a time, and stirring constantly until it is nearly absorbed before adding more. This took a couple of minutes for each cup of broth to absorb.</p>

<p>After about 10-15 minutes, depending on how long the broth takes to absorb, the rice start becoming tender. When there is about 1 cup of hot broth left, toss in the asparagus, peas and artichoke hearts and continue to stir.</p>

<p>When there is about  cup of hot broth left, add shrimp, continue stirring constantly until all the hot broth has been added. Taste rice for tenderness and to determine if any additional hot broth needs to be added. The rice should be tender and the liquid should be creamy.</p>

<p>Top with freshly grated lemon zest, stir in grated parmesan and season with salt and pepper and serve hot!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661427.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:36.111306+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:36.209+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661556</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Steamed Chicken With Soy-Ginger Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Arrange the chicken halves skin side up and side by side in a glass pie plate.  Rub the skin with the soy sauce.  Let stand for 15 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Prepare a steamer and heat over high heat.  Place the pie plate in the steaming basket, cover, and steam over high heat until the chicken is no longer pink near the bone, about 30 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, make the sauce:  stir the grated ginger, green onions, sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic, ground ginger, salt, and pepper in a small heatproof bowl.  Heat the vegetable oil in a small skillet just until it begins to smoke.  Carefully pour the hot oil into the ginger-soy mixture (the mixture may sizzle).  Stir well and let stand until cool.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the plate of chicken from the steamer and let cool slightly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Strip the meat from the bones and cut the meat into bite-sized pieces.  Place on a serving platter with the lettuce cups alongside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661556.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:39.036386+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:39.136+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661741</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Strawberry and Chocolate Chip Panini</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Open up the slices of sourdough bread</p>

<p>Brush it wit some olive oil on either side</p>

<p>Add a layer of strawberries and chocolate chips</p>

<p>Put it in the panini press!</p>

<p>Serve it hot with a side of fresh cut berries!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661741.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:08.423958+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:08.528+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>661751</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Strawberry And Vanilla Cream Bread Pudding with Toasted Coconut</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat Oven to 350 degrees</p>

<p>Whisk together vanilla pudding, eggs, lemon zest, and strawberries.</p>

<p>Place bread pieces in a single layer on an un-greased, unlined, cookie sheet, and toast for 10 minutes or until crispy.</p>

<p>Fold bread pieces into the pudding mixture and pour into a 5"x8" pan.</p>

<p>Bake for 1 hour 15 minutes.</p>

<p>Garnish with toasted coconut.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/661751.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:06.342555+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:06.487+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662208</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Summer Berry Pudding</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Reserve a few berries to decorate the finished pudding.</p>

<p>Hull and slice the strawberries. Place in a frypan with the other berries and cherries, sprinkle with castor sugar and add the water or pomegranate juice.</p>

<p>Simmer for about three minutes to release the juices, stirring gently once or twice.</p>

<p>Place a sieve over a bowl and tip the fruit in. Allow to drain for 10 minutes, keeping the juice.</p>

<p>Meanwhile line a 1.5 litre capacity bowl with plastic wrap.</p>

<p>Cut a circle out of the bread to fit the bottom of the bowl. Cut slightly tapered shapes to line the bowl and triangles for the top.</p>

<p>Dip one side of the bottom circle of bread quickly into the juice and place, juice side down, into the bowl.</p>

<p>Do the same with the bread for the sides, dipping them in the juice then overlapping them by a couple of centimetres.</p>

<p>Spoon in the fruit.</p>

<p>Arrange the triangles of bread on top, again overlapping the pieces.</p>

<p>Gently pour over the remaining juices.</p>

<p>Cover the top with more plastic wrap and then place the bowl in a shallow dish to catch any juices.</p>

<p>Choose a flat plate that fits the top of the bowl. Place it on top and weigh down with something heavy. Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight.</p>

<p>To serve, collect any juices. Remove the plastic from the top and turn the pudding out onto a serving plate. Pour over any remaining juice.</p>

<p>Decorate with the reserved fruit and serve with sweetened whipped cream.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662208.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:55.756868+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:55.894+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662243</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Summer Rolls</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place all marinade ingredients in a zip lock bag.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Seal bag and shake to coat the tofu.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place in the fridge for at least half an hour or up to one day.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;When ready to assemble rolls, place a piece of rice paper in a shallow pan of water.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Leave in water, turning once, until the sheet is flexible.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place on a flat moist surface and arrange piece of avocado and a piece of tofu near the edge of the rice paper that is closest to you.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add 2-4 pieces of cucumber, pineapple, and red bell pepper each.  Top with a small amount of vermicelli and a few sprigs of cilantro.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Take the edge of the rice paper and holding the filling tightly begin to roll as if rolling a burrito.  Make sure to fold the sides inward as you go.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place finished roll on platter to dry.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Repeat steps until you run out of ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve with thai chili sauce or spicy peanut sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662243.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:00.08469+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:00.185+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662276</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sun Dried Tomato and Herb Baked Eggs</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 350 F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover the inside of one ramekin or oven safe dish with olive oil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Line the bottom of the dish with sundried tomatoes and break two eggs on top. Sprinkle with fresh herbs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake uncovered for 15-20 minutes until egg whites are firm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve immediately.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>25</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662276.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:35.158027+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:35.297+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662291</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sun-Dried Tomato and Leek Quiche</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Crust</p>

<p>Preheat oven to 350F.</p>

<p>Coat four 5-inch tart pans with cooking spray.</p>

<p>Pulse flour, pine nuts,almonds,baking powder</p>

<p>In food processor until finely ground.</p>

<p>Whisk together almond milk, oil and salt in bowl.</p>

<p>Stir in flour mixture. Press into pan.</p>

<p>Bake 5 minutes, then cool.</p>

<p>Filling</p>

<p>Heat 1 Tbs. oil in skillet over medium heat.</p>

<p>Add leeks, and saute' 8 minutes, or until softened. Set aside.</p>

<p>Bring large saucepan of water to a boil.</p>

<p>Add tofu, and simmer 5 minutes.</p>

<p>Drain and pat dry.</p>

<p>Whisk 3 Tbsp. oil, lemon juice, miso, garlic and salt in bowl.</p>

<p>Add tofu and blend with an immersion blender.</p>

<p>Stir in breadcrumbs,seasonings, sun-dried tomatoes and leeks.</p>

<p>Spoon filling into crust.</p>

<p>Bake 40 minutes, or until crust is browned.</p>

<p>Cool 5 minutes, then unmold.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662291.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:09.272455+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:11:09.429+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662649</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sweet, Spicy Cherry Tomato Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1.Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan.</p>

<p>2.Set your spaghetti on to cook as per instructions on the packet.</p>

<p>3.Add the shallots, garlic, chili to the hot oil in the frying pan and cook for just under a minute, add the bacon and cook for about two minutes or until it is cooked through.</p>

<p>4.De-glaze with half of the lemon juice, stir through.</p>

<p>5.Add the tomatoes, tomato pure, honey and a little salt (not too much as the bacon might be salty) and some pepper. Cook on a medium heat, letting everything simmer gently.</p>

<p>6.Take about 4 to 6 tbsps of the water in which your pasta is cooking and add it to the sauce, stir through and cook until the tomatoes soften, this should take just over five minutes.</p>

<p>7.Check for seasoning, add the rest of the lemon juice, the parsley. Add the balsamic vinegar if you think the sauce needs it or adjust the flavour in any other way. At this stage if I want more spice, I tend to add a few flakes of dried chili.</p>

<p>8.Add the pasta when it is ready. I like to do this straight from the pan in which it is cooking by dragging it into the sauce with some tongs. This sauce can be a bit dry and can benefit from the extra moisture.</p>

<p>9.Dress with the parmesan, basil and olive oil before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662649.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:40.907081+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:41.064+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>662654</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Sweet-N-Smoky Salmon With Ginger Mahogany Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the salmon in bowl, or large zip bag with soy sauce, liquid smoke and brown sugar. Let it marinate for at least 1 hourbut you could marinate over night! When ready to use, preheat the grill or an iron skillet to high heat.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a medium sauce pan, over high heat, toast the rice in 1 Tb. of oil for 2 minutes. Then add the chicken stock and a large pinch of salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cover. Simmer the rice for about 40 minutesor as directed on the package.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, peel the ginger and cut into thin strips. (julienne)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat a small skillet over medium-high. Add 1 Tb. of oil to the skillet. When the oil is hot, drop the ginger in and pan-fry for 1-2 minutes, moving with a spatula, until they are light brown.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from the pan and drain on a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the rice is cooking, CAREFULLY brush the grill with vegetable oil. (You could also use grill spray.) Pepper the salmon and place it on the grill, top-side-down. Cook 3 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Flip, then carefully sprinkle the tops with a little extra brown sugar and grill for another 3-5 minutesuntil just cooked through.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cover with foil and let them rest for 5-10 minutes before serving.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/662654.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:14.929252+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:15.074+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663149</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Thai Sausage Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a small bowl, combine the dressing ingredients and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Taste and adjust with more sugar or fish sauce if needed (some limes are more tart than others). Set aside.</p>

<p>Slice the sausage thinly on the diagonal. Place in a non stick skillet over medium heat and saut until the edges are slightly browned and sausage is cooked thru, about 5 minutes. Dont over cook. Set aside to cool</p>

<p>Peel the cucumbers, slice thinly and place in a large bowl. Thinly slice the green onions on the diagonal and add to the bowl. Add the bean sprouts, cooked sausage and the dressing. Lightly toss and serve on plates with jasmine rice on the same plate. Garnish with a few slivers of sliced hot chili pepper, if desired, and a few leaves of fresh parsley or cilantro.</p>

<p>Serves 2 as a main course salad.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663149.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:33.797206+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:33.919+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663252</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>The Blarney Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Irish Mustard Sauce: 1 tbsp cornstarch, 2 tsp sugar, 1 tsp dry mustard, 1/2 tsp salt, 1 cup water, 1 tbsp butter, 1/4 cup vinegar, 1 tsp horseradish, 2 egg yolks, beaten. Put all ingredients in a sauce pan over medium heat. Continue whisking until smooth and thickened to consistency of pudding.</p>

<p>Gorgonzola Butter-Wash: In a microwave safe bowl, add remaining tablespoon of Gorgonzola crumbles and 2 tablespoons of butter and melt.</p>

<p>Whisk together to create a Gorgonzola butter-wash.</p>

<p>Brush Gorgonzola butter-wash on the inside of the top &amp; bottom buns and toast on the upper or outer edges of grill. Once rolls are lightly toasted, remove.</p>

<p>Meat: Mix first 7 ingredients together thoroughly then add salt &amp; pepper. Form patties and pat together well.</p>

<p>Cook meat over medium heat - be sure to coat grill with non-stick spray.</p>

<p>Cook about 8-10 minutes on each side.</p>

<p>Set meat on bottom bun and spoon Irish mustard sauce on top of meat patty.</p>

<p>Add shredded cabbage and fold top and bottom together.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663252.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:41.955511+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:42.039+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663553</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tomato and Bacon Pizza With Rice Crust</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 400F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make rice crust, mix ingredients in a bowl. Press onto greased pizza pan (10 inch) evenly.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread bacon, tomatoes, pepper and mozzarella cheese on top of rice crust.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bake for 20 minutes or until cheese melts.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice and serve warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663553.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:12.911349+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:12.991+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663595</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tomato Free Mexican Lasagna</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a non-stick skillet with non-stick cooking spray and heat on medium. Add beef, onion and mushrooms and cook until meat is cooked through. Drain if needed, I bought extra lean beef and there was no grease to drain today. Add garlic and cook another minute. Add beans, diced green chilies, corn, oregano, chili powder, garlic powder, cumin, pepper and kosher salt. Mix thoroughly.</p>

<p>Spray a 9 x 13 pan with non-stick cooking spray. Lay half of corn tortillas on bottom of pan. Add half of the beef mixture and 1/2 c of cheese. Layer remaining corn tortillas and top with beef mixture and 3/4 c cheese. Bake in oven uncovered for 15 minutes.</p>

<p>After cooking sprinkle with diced avocado and lettuce. Slice and serve and add a dollop of sour cream on top of slice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663595.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:23.607887+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:23.708+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663771</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Traditional Panzanella</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a bowl combine the bread with water and let it stand for at least 20 minutes or until it's soft. Drain the bread and squeeze out as much water as you can.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Crumble the bread and place it in a serving bowl. Scatter the tomatoes, onions and chopped basil over the top.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Dress Panzanella with extra-virgin olive oil and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and toss well.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Taste and adjust the seasoning with more oil, salt and vinegar.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Leave Panzanella to stand for 15 minutes and serve at room temperature.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663771.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:11.209307+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:11.364+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663813</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tricolor Rotini pasta Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1)    Boil water in a large pan. Once water comes to boiling temperature immerse the pasta. Turn heat</p>

<p>to low and cook for another 10 minutes.  Keep it aside till it cools down.Or cook the pasta as per</p>

<p>the instruction given in the package.</p>

<p>2)    Chop the cucumber, olives and lettuce. Cut the plum tomatoes into half. Since I had no plum tomatoes</p>

<p>stored, I have used normal tomatoes</p>

<p>3)    Mix pepper powder and salt with the mayonnaise.</p>

<p>4)    Combine all the vegetables and mayonnaise dressing with the pasta and mix gently.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663813.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:44.700352+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:44.845+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663822</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Trinidad Callaloo Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Saute onion, okra, salt pork, thyme, garlic, habanero and scallions until the okra and onions brown.</p>

<p>Stir in the callaloo with the chicken stock and simmer until the callaloo is tender.</p>

<p>Puree with a stick blender. Adjust seasoning to taste with salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Stir in coconut milk and crab, then warm gently.</p>

<p>Serve with rice.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663822.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:02.05543+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:02.195+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663948</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tuna Stuffed Cherry Tomatoes</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Combine all the ingredients except for the tomatoes and mix well, adjust the mayonnaise so that the mixture have a smooth and not too runny paste. Cover and chill while preparing the tomatoes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut off the two ends of each tomato a bit with a sharp knife. Scoop out the pulp and seeds.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Invert tomatoes on paper towels to drain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Gradually spoon tuna mixture into the inside of the cherry tomatoes, doing with a little at a time and top them generously.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve as an appertizer or a kind of salad.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663948.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:45.803714+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:45.906+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>663971</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Turbo Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Give the chicken a good rubdown with it, taking care to massage it inside and out. Marinade the Chicken with Soy sauce, salt and Calamondin for 10-20 minutes each side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place a small baking pan at the bottom of the turbo broiler, this will be used to catch the drippings (don't throw this after the chicken is cooked! You can use it to make gravy, or see the explanation below).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place the chicken in a turbo broiler with the temperature of 250 degrees for 30 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Turn over the chicken and cook it for another 10 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;It should be nicely crisp and golden brown after 40 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Gravy&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Sauce from the chicken, place it in a small pan (low fire)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Put the dissolve flour (using water)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stir continuously until it's mixed well&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add salt, pepper and calamondin to taste.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/663971.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:23.578642+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:23.726+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664206</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Udon Noodles Chicken Tempura</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Dip the chicken pieces in tempura batter and deep fry in hot oil till golden brown. Set aside. Take a deep cooking vessel add the Water, chicken broth cube, hon mirin and soy sauce. Mix well. Bring this mixture to boil, when it starts boiling add the cooked noodles and spring onion greens, season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 2 mins, turn of the flame and add the chicken tempura to the noodles. Serve hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664206.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:54.935619+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:55.032+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664340</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vanilla Yogurt Mousse With Strawberry Marshmallow</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Place strawberry marshmallows, vanilla yoghurt, and whole milk in a pot. Heat the mixture over the slow flame until the marshmallows are melted and all the ingredients are well-combined. Remove and cool.</p>

<p>Divide half of the fresh blueberries into two serving glasses, and slowly pour in the mousse. Cover and chill for an hour until set. Arrange the rest of the blueberries on the top of the mousse. Serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664340.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:38.162142+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:38.302+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664394</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegan Black Rice, Baked Tofu and Avocado Bowl</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add rice, chopped avocado, and chopped tofu to a cereal bowl&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Season to taste with sesame oil and soy sauce and stir until combined&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Garnish with chia or sesame seeds&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664394.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:47.457837+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:47.557+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664449</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegan Lemon-Berry "Cheese"Cake</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a food processor, combine silken tofu, mixed berries and strawberries. Process until smooth. Youll probably have to scrape down the sides a few times to make sure everything is combined.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add constarch and lemon extract, then blend until smooth. Then pour in the sugar and (for the last time, I promise) combine until smooth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour the tofu/berry mixture into the pie crust. Put the pie into the heated oven and bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the middle.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chill for at least 5 hours, then slice and serve! Feel free to garnish with vegan whipped cream.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664449.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:35.85041+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:35.947+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664491</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegan Stuffed Portobello Mushroom over Quinoa</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cook quinoa</p>

<p>After the tofu has thawed, drain and squeeze the excess water off.</p>

<p>Brush off portobello mushrooms and remove the stems.</p>

<p>Make the marinade for the mushroom:  3 tablespoons of olive oil, 3 tablespoons of balsamic vinaigrette, salt, and pepper (just keep adding the salt little by little until the marinade tastes good to you).</p>

<p>Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a pan and add the onions, garlic, oregano, and basil.  After you sweat the onions, add the tofu.  Note: smash the tofu with your hands and place it into the pan.  Keep stirring and cook on medium heat for about 15 to 20 minutes.</p>

<p>Add Nutritional yeast, spinach, tomato, and lemon juice to the tofu.  Cook for another minute then set aside.</p>

<p>Dip the mushroom in the marinade and place on a baking pan (top side down).</p>

<p>Stuff the mushrooms with the tofu and veggies.</p>

<p>Top it off with vegan cheese.</p>

<p>Preheat oven 370 degrees.</p>

<p>Bake stuffed mushrooms for 15 to 20 minutes.</p>

<p>Serve over quinoa.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664491.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:09.696442+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:09.795+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664523</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetable Bibimbap</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Marinate tofu overnight in Korean barbecue marinade.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook rice and keep warm&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In sesame oil and a pinch of salt, saut carrots and zucchini until almost tender. If necessary add a bit more sesame oil and toss in the remaining vegetables, garlic and a pinch of sugar and continue to saut approximately 2 minutes, or until the vegetables are almost done (they will continue to cook in the dolsot or stone bowl)&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Broil or barbecue the beef.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Pour 1/2 - 1 teaspoon of sesame oil in the base of each stone bowl. Divide rice between the 4 stone bowls. Arrange all ingredients on top of the rice side by side around the bowl. Put a teaspoon (or more depending on taste) of the Korean chili paste on top of the vegetables and in the middle of the bowl place an egg yolk. Pour a tablespoon of sesame seed oil around the edge of the bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place stone bowl on top of stove and on high heat leave for approx 5 minutes or until you can hear the rice popping and crackling.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove from heat and serve. Be very careful as the stone bowl will be extremely hot.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664523.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:30.842965+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:30.992+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664643</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetarian Burgers</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large covered saucepan, bring the water and salt to a boil over medium heat. Add the bulghur and carrots, remove from the heat, cover and let stand until the bulghur has softened and absorbed all the liquid, about 15 minutes. Drain well.</p>

<p>In a large bowl, mash the tofu. Stir in the bulghur mixture, egg white, mint, scallions and cayenne, stirring well. Stir in the bread crumbs, 1/4 cup of the flour, the ketchup and mustard.</p>

<p>Preheat the oven to 400F. Form the bulghur mixture into 4 patties about 1 inch thick and 4 inches in diameter. Dredge the patties in the remaining flour.</p>

<p>In a large nonstick skillet, warm the oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the patties to the skillet and saute until crusty, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a nonstick baking sheet and bake for about 5 minutes, or until heated through.</p>

<p>Serve the burgers on the hamburger buns with the lettuce, tomato and alfalfa sprouts.</p>

<p>NOTES : The beef hamburger is appreciated for many reasonsits nutritional attributes, however, not being among them. Vegetarian "burgers," on the other hand, rarely have the meatiness many people crave. This meat-loaf-style burger seasoned with mint and scallions manages to bridge the gap.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664643.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:25.39006+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:25.475+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664658</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetarian Falafels</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Makes about thirty 1-inch balls</p>

<p>In a bowl, cover the bulgur with cold water and allow to soak for 30 minutes. while the bulgur is soaking, put the bread in another bowl, cover with cold water and soak for 15 minutes. Drain the bread in a colander, squeezing out the excess moisture. Drain the bulgur well through a fine sieve. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal chopping blade, combine the garbanzos, lemon juice, garlic, cilantro, pepper flakes, cumin, black pepper and scallions. Process with an off-on motion until the mixture is finely chopped. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Stir in the bulgur and bread</p>

<p>Heat 1 inch of oil in a heavy 12 inch skillet over medium high heat until very hot but not smoking. Add the patties to the pan without crowding and fry for 2-3 minutes, turning once, until golden brown all over. As the patties brown, transfer to paper towels to drain and keep warm while frying the remainder. To serve, tuck 3-4 balls or patties in each pita half. Add several slices of tomato, cucumber, and bell pepper, and a sprinkling of scallions and lettuce. Drizzle with the tahini and 4NOTES : These are Delicious for Dinner with Hummus and Tabouli Salad.</p>

<p>NOTES : These are Delicious for Dinner with Hummus and Tabouli Salad.</p>

<p>Healthy and Fairly Low Fat.</p>

<p>The red pepper flakes gives this Middle Eastern Favorite a slow burn...a perfect partner for garlic-yogurt sauce or tahini.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664658.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:48.92175+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:49.05+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664699</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetarian Serbian Rice Pilaf</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Go here for the full instructions: http://gourmandelle.com/vegetarian-serbian-rice-pilaf/</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>8</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664699.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:52.317459+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:52.467+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664718</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetarian Tostadas</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Heat beans in a pot over medium-low heat, just until warm.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a small saute pan, add enough oil so that there is a 1/2 to 1-inch deep layer. Heat oil over medium-high heat until very hot. In the meantime, prepare lettuce, tomato, and avacado; stir about 1/4 tsp of lime zest into sour cream and add enough lime juice to thin sour cream into a "pourable" consistancy; and line a plate with a few paper towels. Test oil by placing a small edge of a tortilla into oil; if it bubbles rapidly, the oil is hot enough.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once oil is ready, dip a tortilla into the oil using a pair of tongs, and holding it into the oil, let it cook until lightly browned, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Flip tortilla over and fry on the other side. Remove tortilla with tongs, letting excess oil drip back into the pan, then place on paper towels to soak up any extra oil. Place cooked tortilla on a sheet pan and into the pre-heated oven to keep warm while frying the other tortillas. Repeat for all tortillas.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Once all tortillas are browned, remove from oven and assemble tostada. Place about 1/4 c warm refried beans on each tortilla. Top with lettuce, tomato, avacado, and sour cream-lime mixture.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664718.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:20.237962+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:20.339+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664726</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetarian Tostadas With Spicy Black Beans (+gluten free)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat a large saute pan on medium high heat. Saute your onions and garlic in olive oil for 2-3 minutes.</p>

<p>Place your balck beans (BB) in a microwavble safe container and add the sauted onions and garilc to the BB.</p>

<p>Add the diced chiles in adobo sauce to the BB.  Sprinkle in some dried basil and garilc sea salt. Stir and microwave for 2 minutes, using a potato masher mash the warm BB to your desired consistency and return to the microwave for 1 minute.</p>

<p>Meanwhile take a paper towel and using the same saute pan wipe out any excess oil or browning from the onions. Spray with cooking oil and on high heat, toast your tortillas until crsipy anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes.</p>

<p>Assemble your tostadas by placing the beans on top, sprinkle with feta, top with spinach, sliced cherry tomatoes, dollop of sour cream and sprinkle with more feta and salsa</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664726.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:01.102171+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:01.235+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664780</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Venison Meatloaf with Blackberry BBQ Sauce and Buffalo Sweet Potato/Pumpkin Hash</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>VENISON MEATLOAF</p>

<p>In a large bowl lightly beat egg; add tomato sauce, onion, bread crumbs, salt and pepper.</p>

<p>Add venison and mix well.</p>

<p>Roll and press into 6 rounds.</p>

<p>Wrap meatloaf in one slice of bacon per round.</p>

<p>Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 15 minutes, until a meat thermometer reads 160 degrees.</p>

<p>BUFFALO SWEET POTATO/PUMPKIN HASH</p>

<p>Using a food processor, make powder out of Tropical Foods Buffalo Nuts. Cut both sweet potato and pumpkin into small dice.</p>

<p>Melt butter in a large saut pan.</p>

<p>Add potato and pumpkin and saut until soft, adding water as needed.</p>

<p>Stir in Buffalo Nuts powder, salt and pepper to taste.</p>

<p>BLACKBERRY BBQ SAUCE</p>

<p>In a medium bowl, mix together blackberry preserves, ketchup, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, mustard powder, and red wine vinegar.</p>

<p>Serve sauce over venison meatloaf with buffalo sweet potato/pumpkin hash.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/664780-556x370.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:30.293473+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:30.389+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664835</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vietnamese Noodle Salad With Tofu</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;The tofu: Slice up the tofu (3/4 cm thick slices) and marinade it over night (or at least for 2 hours) in soya, sesame oil, and sliced garlic gloves.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The marinade: Finely chop chili, ginger, and garlic. Add all the ingredients, except lime juice, to a small pot and simmer for 5-10 minutes a low heat. Cool off and ajust with lime juice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The salad: Heat up a large pan and fry the marinated tofu at medium heat untill golden brown. In a dish, pour boiled water over the broccoli florets and leave for 5 minutes before draining off excess water. Prepare the noodles according to the manufacturer. Finely chop the spring onion and remove the inner watery part of the cucumber. Slice up the carrot, cucumber, red pepper, and iceberg into fine screds and roughly chop both herbs and peanuts.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Arrange in two large bowls. First iceberg, then noodles, vegetables, tofu, herbs, peanuts and marinade.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664835.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:52.877132+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:06:53.029+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664845</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vietnamese Spring Rolls With Hoisin Peanut Dipping Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring a saucepan to a boil on medium heat.  Add shrimp and poach for 3-4 minutes until bright pink.  Allow to cool to room temperature.  Remove skins, devein and slice in half crosswise.  Set aside.  Bring a medium saucepan filled halfway with water to a boil.  Once a rapid boil is reached, add rice vermicelli noodles, cover and immediately remove from heat.  Set timer for 5 minutes.  After 5 minutes, drain noodles in a colander and rinse with cold water to stop cooking.  Allow to dry at room temperature or in the refrigerator.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, begin to prepare the dipping sauce.  Heat a small small saucepan with olive oil on medium-low heat.  Add garlic and saute quickly, about 20 seconds.  Do not let garlic burn.  Add peanut butter and hoisin sauce and continue to stir.  When sauce begins to incorporate and thickens up, add water.  Adjust to taste and continue to add water, 1 tbsp. at a time, if it becomes too thick.  Remove from heat and set aside.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To assemble rolls, dip single sheets of rice paper into hot water.  Allow excess water to drain and quickly place on a plate.  Once rice paper becomes pliable and soft, add shrimp, softened noodles, cucumbers, red peppers, cilantro and mint.  Carefully roll closed and slice in half.  Serve with hoisin peanut dipping sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664845.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:00.957836+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:01.062+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664847</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vietnamese Spring Rolls</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Soak the rice vermicelli in warm water until they turn soft, then drain them.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fill a bowl with warm water. Dip one wrapper at a time into the water for about 1-2 second to soften.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Lay the wrapper on a dry chopping board or dinner plate. The rice paper should become pliable within seconds.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a row across the centre, put 3 prawns, some vermicelli, carrots, bean sprouts, and a few leaves of basil. Leaving about 4-5cm on each side.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fold the sides inward, then start to roll tightly and firmly from the end that is near to you into a cylinder, enclosing the filling completely.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Repeat with the remaining ingredients.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;For the dipping sauce, mix all the ingredients and stir well until the sugar dissolves. Then, put in chopped coriander.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve spring rolls with dipping sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664847.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:12.117647+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:12.217+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>664929</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Walnut Lentil Burgers with Tarragon</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a skillet, heat about a tablespoon of sallower oil. Add the walnuts, carrot, mushrooms, parsley, onion and sea salt. Saut for about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. In the bowl of a food processor, process the lentils (be sure to rinse and drain them if youre using canned), 1 cup of brown rice and egg. Transfer to the bowl with the veggies and add the remaining 1 cup of brown rice. Mix well and form into patties,  cup at a time (I used a  cup measuring cup). Heat a skillet to medium low heat and add a tablespoons of olive oil. Cook the patties, about 5 at a time, for 3-4 minutes on each side. Let them cool a little before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/664929.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:56.286203+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:56.363+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>665344</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Wild Rice With Bacon, Mushrooms &amp; Green Onions</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large sauce pot, saut mushrooms in butter until golden brown.  Add bacon and 1/2 of the green onions and saute just 1 minute.  Add all of the water that the box mix calls for.  Combine wild rice mix into the water and follow box instructions.</p>

<p>When rice is done, stir in remaining green onions and serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/665344.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:27.552155+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:27.7+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>665491</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Yakhni Puloa</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>In a large pot heat 2 tablespoons of oil over medium heat. Add the cardamom, cinnamon, bay leaf, anise and saffron. Stir for to release the flavors and add the onions.</p>

<p>Saut for 2-3 minutes, then add the ginger and garlic and saut another 2 minutes. Add the chicken to the pot. Salt liberally and cook for 1-2 minutes.</p>

<p>Next add the rice and stir to coat it in oil. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Once boiling pour the sultanas on top, cover, and reduce the heat to low.</p>

<p>Steam the rice for 15 minutes. Then remove from heat. Stir in the chopped apricots and nuts and cover again.</p>

<p>Allow the puloa to sit another 5 minutes, covered. Serve with cilantro sprinkled on top! Serves 4.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/665491.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:58.457212+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:58.596+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>665685</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Zomppa's Spicy Beef Noodle Soup</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a large soup pot, add the water, onion, bay leaf, sirloin (whole), garlic, peppercorns, ginger, the stalks of all the shitake mushrooms (well use caps later), and salt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer, with the cover on, for about 45-50 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain the stock.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the meat and let sit.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then, pour the stock (without the stock ingredients) back into the soup pot and bring to a boil.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Reduce the heat to medium/low and bring to a simmer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the zucchini.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;After 3 minutes then add the shitake mushroom caps (sliced or whole) and the kale.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Let the soup simmer for another 5 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;In the meantime, mix, in a small bowl, the red pepper powder, sesame oil and soy sauce.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add this mixture to the soup.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then, sprinkle in the sugar.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Let simmer for another 5-7 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;While the soup is finishing up, cook your noodles (read the instructions on packet).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Drain the noodles and turn the heat off the soup.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place a handful of the noodles in a large soup bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the amount of spicy beef soup that you want.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice your beef and add to the bowl.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add some chopped green scallions and enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/665685.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:59.412316+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:59.514+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>665721</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Zucchini Burgers with Lemon Herb Yogurt Sauce</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a medium mixing bowl, mix  zucchini, cheese, eggs, onion, bread crumbs and wheat germ together. Melt 1 tablespoon of olive oil into a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Make one patty and add it the skillet. Brown each side about 8 minutes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meanwhile, in a small bowl mix together the yogurt, chopped herbs and lemon juice.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Place zucchini patty in between the hamburger buns, top with lettuce and the herbed yogurt.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/665721.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:41.261307+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:41.358+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>665823</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Melt Your Heart</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Give the yogurt a good stir and spoon it into the mini heart shape ice-cube tray.</p>

<p>Freeze it for at least 2 hours or more till harden. (you can prepared this 1 day ahead).</p>

<p>Rinse and cut the strawberries into halves, serve with blueberries or any fruits of your choice together with a few yogurt cubes in short glass.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/665823.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:36.524617+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:36.618+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>667704</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Shrimp, Bacon, Avocado Pasta Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;1&lt;/strong&gt; Toss shrimp with chipotle chile powder and salt and put in the refrigerator to marinate while you make the pasta and the rest of the salad.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;2&lt;/strong&gt; Put a large pot of salted water on to a boil (2 quarts of water, 1 Tbsp salt).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;3&lt;/strong&gt; While the water is heating, cook the bacon. Put the bacon in a small saucepan on medium heat. Cook until most of the fat has rendered out and the bacon pieces are lightly browned. Remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Discard or save for future use all but one tablespoon of the rendered bacon fat (do not pour bacon fat down the drain or you will be calling your plumber).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://www.simplyrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/shrimp-bacon-avocado-pasta-method-600-1.jpg" alt="shrimp-bacon-avocado-pasta-method-600-1"&gt; &lt;img src="http://www.simplyrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/shrimp-bacon-avocado-pasta-method-600-3.jpg" alt="shrimp-bacon-avocado-pasta-method-600-3"&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;4&lt;/strong&gt; Increase the heat to high and add the shrimp. Sauté until done, a few minutes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;5&lt;/strong&gt; When the pasta water comes to a boil, add the pasta and cook until al dente, cooked through but still a little firm to the bite (usually 1 or 2 minutes less than what the package calls for).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;6&lt;/strong&gt; Put all of the dressing ingredients into a jar, cover and shake until well blended.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;7&lt;/strong&gt; When the pasta is ready, strain it and rinse with cold water. Place in a large bowl. Add the vinaigrette and toss with the shrimp, bacon, bell peppers, and onions. Add the cilantro and avocado just before serving.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://img.spoonacular.com/recipes/667704-556x370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:56.167851+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:56.271+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>679539</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cherry Berry Coconut Almond Smoothie Bowl</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/679539.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:59.6283+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:59.766+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>679540</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Baked Whole Wheat Breakfast Quesadilla</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>I know some of your kids have already returned to school. My son's first day (of second grade! When did he get so big?! He's practically a teenager!) isn't for a couple weeks. But I'm already getting into back-to-school mode—like, how am I going to get this kid back on a regular sleeping schedule?!</p>
<p> </p>
<p>One thing I've definitely got a handle on is breakfast. So when I was invited through The Daily Meal's Culinary Content Network to participate in the @Johnsonville #backtoschoolbreakfast contest, I knew I had to make some delicious breakfast quesadillas!</p>
<p> </p>
<p>These quesadillas are a fun and hearty dish that will give your kids loads of energy throughout the morning. Not only do the quesadillas provide plenty of protein, they've also got fiber and carbs from the whole wheat tortillas, and Vitamin C in all the vegetables. It's a breakfast designed to be playful—but also incredibly satisfying. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Ingredients</p>
<p> </p>
<p>serves 2-4</p>
<p> </p>
<p>4 whole wheat tortillas (8")</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 breakfast sausage patties (about 3 oz.)</p>
<p> </p>
<p>3 eggs, whisked</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2-3 scallions, chopped, white and green parts separated</p>
<p> </p>
<p>1/3 cup chopped veggies (I used a combo of zucchini plus red and yellow bell peppers)</p>
<p> </p>
<p>1 cup shredded sharp cheddar</p>
<p> </p>
<p>2 Tablespoons salsa</p>
<p> </p>
<p>olive oil for the pan and for brushing on the tortillas</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Preheat oven to 450 degrees.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Heat a skillet to medium. Break the sausages into small pieces and place in the heated pan; add scallions and the other vegetables. Cook until the crumbled meat is browned and the veggies have begun to get tender. Remove from the pan to a plate.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Wipe out the pan. Add some olive oil and set over medium-low heat. Pour in the whisked eggs, stir gently until they are set, and remove from the heat.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Brush oil (or use cooking spray) on one side of two of the tortillas; place them, oiled-side down on an ungreased baking sheet. Take half the cheese and sprinkle it over the two tortillas. Top that with a layer of eggs on each tortilla, a spoonful of salsa, and the sausage and vegetable mixture. Then top everything with the rest of the cheese. Place the last tortillas on top, press down gently, and then brush the top of the tortillas with oil.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Bake for 8-10 minutes, or until golden brown and crispy. Cut into wedges. Serve with additional chopped scallions and peppers, and with a side of salsa for dipping.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>You can get most of this dish prepped ahead of time: chop all the veggies, shred the cheese, brown the meat—heck, you can even scramble the eggs! Then just assemble and bake the quesadillas while the kids are getting dressed for school. Super easy, I promise.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>This is one hearty breakfast!</p>
<p> </p>
<p>This recipe is a contest entry for a Johnsonville promotion. It is not a sponsored post. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>What do your kids like to eat for breakfast on school days?</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/679540.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:23.337619+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:23.437+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>681708</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Summer Ricotta Flatbread w Cucumber, Tomato &amp; Scallion</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/681708.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:41.7326+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:41.868+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>681713</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Everything Bagel Cheese Burger</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/681713.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:12.487282+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:22:12.631+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>682659</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Thai Chopped Chicken Salad Quinoa Bowls</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>FOR THE THAI PEANUT SAUCETo a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, add all of the ingredients for Thai peanut sauce and heat over medium heat.Bring the mixture to a simmer, whisking constantly, and cook for about 2 minutes.Remove from heat and cool the Thai peanut sauce to room temperature. Store in an airtight container in the fridge for about 1 week.FOR THE THAI CHOPPED CHICKEN SALAD QUINOA BOWLSAssemble your quinoa bowls, by layering, shredded chicken breast, green and red bell peppers, shredded carrots, sliced avocado and baby spinach on a bed of fully-cooked quinoa.Garnish with fresh cilantro leaves and drizzle with Thai peanut sauce.Enjoy!NOTE: Cook time reflects time to cook chicken and quinoa.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/682659.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:23.89713+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:24.043+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>685023</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slow Cooker Taco Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/685023.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:53.75533+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:53.856+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>703177</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Hoagie Slider Dip</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Dice your meats and cheese into small bite size pieces and add to a large mixing bowl.Add the rest of the ingredients (except for the buns) and mix well until everything is evenly distributed.Cover and refrigerate until serving.Serve cold with hoagie slider pieces on the side.Recipe adapted from: Mary Ellen's Hoagie Dip</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/703177.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:26.258525+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:26.355+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>713957</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slow Cooker Salsa Verde Chicken Tacos</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>To your slow cooker, add the chicken, cream cheese, salsa verde, and salt and black pepper. Cover and cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4 hours. After it has cooked, remove the chicken from the slow cooker and shred with two forks. Transfer it back to the slow cooker and stir to coat. Season to taste with salt and black pepper.While the chicken is cooking prepare your slaw and chipotle sauce. In a medium bowl, toss the red cabbage, serrano pepper, cilantro, olive oil, lime juice, and a dash of salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to serve.To prepare the chipotle sauce, whisk the sour cream, adobo sauce, and chipotle chili powder in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until you are ready to serve.Assemble the tacos, by spreading a thin layer of the chipotle sauce on warmed through tortillas. Top with salsa verde chicken, red cabbage slaw and a sprinkling of queso fresco cheese and cilantro.Enjoy immediately!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>14</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/713957.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:06.314723+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:06.414+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715393</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Berry-licious Smoothie Bowl</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715393.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:48.135632+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:48.27+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715412</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Kiwi Popsicles – Summer Popsicle Series</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715412.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:29.052093+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:29.182+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715421</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cheesy Chicken Enchilada Quinoa Casserole</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>To get started, heat your oven to 350 and prepare an 8x8 baking dish. Cook the quinoa according to the instructions. If you haven't already, boil and shred your chicken breast.In a medium sized mixing bowl add 2 Tbsp cilantro, 1 cup shredded cheese, quinoa, tomatoes with chilis, black beans, half of the can of sweet corn, verde enchilada sauce, cumin, chili powder, white pepper, black pepper, and salt to taste. Mix everything well, and then pour into the 8 x8 baking dish. Cover with the last cup of cheese and then bake in the oven for 15 minutes.Remove from oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Then top with chopped Roma tomato, chopped avocado, green onion tops, and remaining 2 tsp of cilantro. Serve immediately.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715421.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:18.976805+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:19.129+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715446</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Slow Cooker Beef Stew</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;To get started, heat your slow cooker to low. Pour in the cream of mushroom soup, Dale's seasoning, water, and beef broth and stir until mixed well. Add in your stew meat, potatoes, onions, carrots, celery, and green onions. Stir well until covered and cook on low for 8 hours. You can add salt and pepper as desired, but the flavors and the Dale's marry together so well that you probably won’t need them.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>490</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715446.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:45.409572+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:45.508+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715538</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>What to make for dinner tonight?? Bruschetta Style Pork &amp; Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>wash and rinse pork chops and place into the skillet.cut them into bite sized pieces and add half of the Basil Garlic simmer sauce.boil your water and start working on cooking your bow-tie pasta.when you have finished with boiling and draining your pasta, add it to the pork along with the rest of the Basil Garlic Simmering Sauce, mixing lightly.Next you will top with the Chunky Bruschetta Finishing Sauce, cover with Parmesan, and cover. Cooking on low heat 2 to 3 minutes or until heated through.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>35</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715538.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:58.623503+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:58.722+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715596</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Learning to live healthier</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715596.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:30.06239+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:30.167+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715732</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Smoothies</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715732.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:48.856396+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:49.007+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715742</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Beverages</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715742.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:55.390001+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:21:55.538+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715748</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Pasta</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715748.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:13.628415+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:10:13.778+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>715754</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Vegetables</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/715754.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:12.705967+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:12.805+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716004</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Quinoa and Chickpea Salad with Sun-Dried Tomatoes and Dried Cherries</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Rinse the quinoa and soak for 8 hours or overnight in 2 cups of water. Rinse the chickpeas and soak for 8 hours or overnight in several inches of water.Rinse the chickpeas and transfer to a small saucepan. Cover with fresh water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 1 hour or until buttery soft.While the chickpeas are cooking, soak the sun-dried tomatoes in hot water for 30 minutes, then drain and chop. Meanwhile, bring the quinoa to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to the lowest setting, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes or until the water is absorbed. Remove from heat and wait 5 minutes before fluffing with a fork.Meanwhile, toast the cashews in a dry unoiled skillet or saucepan over medium-low heat, tossing or stirring frequently, for 10 minutes until browned.Transfer the chickpeas, quinoa, sun-dried tomatoes, cashews and dried cherries to a large mixing bowl. Whisk the dressing ingredients together and pour over the salad. Stir to combine and serve at room temperature or chilled.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716004.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:37.227195+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:37.373+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716342</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Suya</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Heat the oven to 500 F.Wash and season the chicken with the Suya spice, chilli powder, seasoning cubes, salt and drizzle the oil over it.Place the chicken in the oven and grill for 40 minutes. Check the chicken occasionally and flip on both sides so it can cook properly.Serve hot garnished with the onions and tomato and a bit of suya spice sprinkled over the chicken.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716342.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:22.538305+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:17:22.681+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716370</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Semi Ripe Plantain Pottage</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Peel your plantain, cube and place in a pot. Add the chopped tomatoes, pepper, onions and seasoning cubes. Bring to boil with one cup of water on low to medium heat and allow plantain to soften. Add more water as needed.Add the chopped shrimp and crayfish powder and allow it to simmer for 3-5 minutes to allow the shrimp cook. Add the palm oil and stir preferably with a wooden spoon. Add your vegetables, stir and take off the heat immediately. Serve hot!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716370.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:52.481791+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:52.585+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716408</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Greek-Style Baked Fish: Fresh, Simple, and Delicious</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;&lt;span class="Apple-style-span"&gt;Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Choose an oven-proof baking dish that your fish will fit in without overlapping and spray it with cooking spray.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;span class="Apple-style-span"&gt;Lay the fish fillets in the baking pan in a single layer, season with salt and pepper, then top the fish with red onion and bell pepper.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;span class="Apple-style-span"&gt;Sprinkle with dried basil and oregano, the tomato, and the feta cheese, then drizzle the white wine and olive oil over top. Grind some fresh pepper over the top.&lt;br&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;span class="Apple-style-span"&gt;Bake uncovered for about 12 – 15 minutes or until the fish flakes easily with a fork. Squeeze the lemon wedges over the cooked fish, garnish with the fresh basil and/or oregano and serve with hot cooked rice.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716408.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:09.831164+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:09.927+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716427</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Roasted Butterflied Chicken w. Onions &amp; Carrots</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716427.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:33.996716+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:05:34.146+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>716627</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Homemade Rice and Beans</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add onions and saute until soft, or for about 5 minutes. Add all other remaining ingredients and stir together. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to medium low so that the mixture simmers. Cook for 15-20 minutes, or until rice is fluffy and liquid is absorbed.* Serve with salsa, cheese, and sour cream.&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>35</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/716627.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:51.043276+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:19:51.177+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>729366</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Plantain Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Cube your plantain, fry and set aside.Chop your vegetables into your salad bowl and tossIn a pan, heat up vegetable oil and stir fry your shrimps and season. Allow to coolToss in your plantain and shrimps once cool into your bowl of vegetables.Sprinkle the parmesan cheese over the saladDrizzle your dressing over and serve cool.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/729366.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:31.69389+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:31.845+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>765725</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>khichdi recipe</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;p&gt;find complete recipe at &lt;a href="http://indianhealthyrecipes.com/dal-khichdi-recipe/"&gt;swasthi's blog&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/765725.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:47.014665+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:47.113+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>769775</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Simple Spinach and Tomato Frittata</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/769775.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:33.562397+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:33.657+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>780000</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chicken Avocado Burger (Whole 30, PALEO, &amp; Simple Fit Forty)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>3</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/780000.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:30.486587+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:12:30.574+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>795512</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Whole 30 Slow Cooker</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>65</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/795512.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:41.046636+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:22:41.136+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>803364</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Stuffed Buttercup Squash- Whole Grain Rice &amp; Chicken</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cut the bottom off the buttercup squash, discard.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove seeds, membranes and discard.  Cut in half.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Mix filling ingredients together in a bow&lt;span class="redactor-invisible-space"&gt;l.&lt;br&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="redactor-invisible-space"&gt;Place squash halves on a cookie sheet, drizzle with olive oil. Spoon filling into squash halves.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="redactor-invisible-space"&gt;Bake on 350 for 45 minutes or until fork tender.&lt;span class="redactor-invisible-space"&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>60</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/803364.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:08.2154+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:13:08.336+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>803366</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Chipotle Fried Egg Avocado Toast</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/803366.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:57.204367+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:57.304+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>868800</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Avocado Egg Quinoa Breakfast Bowl</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/868800.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:15.980701+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:16.079+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>949421</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fried Egg Tacos</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/949421.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:22.018948+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:22.115+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>982371</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instant Pot Quinoa Grain Bowl</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Rinse and drain the quinoa to remove the bitter and sometimes mildly soapy taste that can linger if not rinsed.</p>

<p>Combine the quinoa, stock and seasonings in the Instant Pot together and then twist to lock the lid shut. Set the pot to Manual for 1 minute.</p>

<p>At the end of the cook time, let the pot to natural pressure release for 10 minutes before carefully releasing the remaining pressure.</p>

<p>Fluff the cooked quinoa with a fork. Now you have Instant Pot Quinoa!</p>

<p>Add fruits and vegetables over a scoop of cooked quinoa and make an amazing quinoa grain bowl.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>13</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/982371.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:37.184726+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:07:37.329+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>984198</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>BBQ Gochujang Cauliflower Fried Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default"> </td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/984198.png</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:38.037038+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:38.137+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1000566</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Instant Pot Beef Tips and Rice</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Set Instant Pot to the saute setting. Once warm, add olive oil, beef tips, and onion. Stir and saut for 5 minutes or until meat starts to brown.</p>

<p>Add water, Dales, and cream of mushroom soup, and garlic powder. Stir to mix well, and then cover with lid.</p>

<p>Cook on Manual Setting on High Pressure for 25 minutes. It will take a few minutes to come to pressure.</p>

<p>Once done, allow to naturally release for 20 minutes.</p>

<p>Serve over rice (or sub noodles or mashed potatoes) and serve with french bread to sop up the gravy.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1000566.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:38.202617+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:20:38.343+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1017374</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Weekday Breakfast Muffins</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>InstructionsHeat oven to 350. Whisk eggs together in a medium bowl. Add chopped pepper and onion, salt and pepper, cheese, and milk. Fill muffin tin halfway with egg mixture.Sprinkle turkey meat into each.Add a potato tot to each. Top with cheese. Place in oven for 20 minutes or until fully cooked. Serve immediately or store for later.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1017374.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:52.632036+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:52.73+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1070648</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Easy Tomato Basil Chicken – One Pot Meal</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Cook the Rotini pasta according to the instructions. Drain. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>In a medium saucepan, saute the bell pepper for 3 minutes in olive oil. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add in tomato basil sauce, cooked rotini, chopped chicken and cook covered for 10 - 15 minutes. Stir frequently. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Remove from heat and top with fresh chopped basil before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1070648.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:07.256938+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:15:07.388+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1095945</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Tuna Sandwich Savory Cake (Swedish Smörgåstårta)</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;In a food processor blend tuna, sweetcorn, mayonnaise, sour cream, hard-boiled eggs, salt and pepper. Process until smooth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Wash and finely chop parsley.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;On a serving tray (or a square cake board) layer 4 slices of toast bread (crust removed) to create a square.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Spread a few (3-4) heaped table spoons of the tuna mix over the bread and spread around evenly. Sprinkle some parsley over the spread and cover with bread. Repeat the process until you have used all bread slices (and used all the tuna mix).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Keep it in the fridge for several hours (at least 2 but for best results overnight).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The following day, mix sour cream with mayonnaise and cover the cake using a spatula. Sprinkle with grated cheese and chopped spring onion (the green parts only).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Thinly slice the cucumber, tomatoes, and lemon. Decorate your cake with these and some dill sprigs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Keep in the fridge prior to serving!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>16</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>165</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1095945.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:27.551397+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:27.648+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1095992</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Turkey Ranch BLT</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Brush the slices of turkey with ranch dressing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Stuff each half of pita with a a few slices of tomato, greens, a slice of turkey, and two slices of bacon.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Serve.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1095992.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:02.893283+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:18:03.029+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1098299</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Berry Frozen Yogurt Popsicles</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add the vanilla frozen yogurt, 3 oz raspberries, and 3 oz blueberries to a food processor or blender. Pulse about 20 times until the fruit is broken up and the mixture is smooth.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Scoop 1 TBSP of the fro-yo mixture into each of your popsicle molds. Drop a couple of blueberries in each mold. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Add another tablespoon of the fro-yo mixture to each mold. Now add a couple of raspberries. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Then add another tablespoon of the fro-yo mixture to each mold and repeat with the blueberries and then again with the raspberries (if you have room).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Freeze the pops until solid, at least 4 hours. &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To release the popsicles just run the molds under really warm water for 10-15 seconds. Jiggle and pull out!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>260</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1098299.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:43.983835+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:44.137+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1098346</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Fiesta Rice Salad with Honey Lime Dressing</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;To make the dressing, mix the lime juice, honey, salt, and pepper in a mason jar and shake until thoroughly mixed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook rice according to the instructions on the package. You will need 5 cooked cups.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Remove the seeds from the baby bell peppers and dice them. It is best to have a variety of colors.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Grill the ears of corn and slice the kernels off the grilled corn. You can substitute thawed frozen corn if you wish.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Chop the cilantro.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;To prepare the salad, mix the cooked rice, diced peppers, drained fire roasted tomatoes, corn, and cilantro. Toss with dressing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>12</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1098346.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:14.192214+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:14.265+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1171085</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>How to Make an Easy Chicken Enchilada</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Heat oven up to 350. In a medium-sized pan melt the butter, add the sour cream, and saute the chicken and bell pepper on medium heat for 5 minutes.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Once the bell peppers have softened up, add in the cream cheese and stir until all is well mixed together.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Use cooking spray to prepare your baking dish. Take a flour tortilla, add in the chicken and cheese sauce and roll. Place in the dish and use a toothpick to keep close if needed. Continue to roll remaining chicken mixture and tortillas. Top with shredded cheese.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Bake for 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Remove toothpicks before serving.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>25</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1171085.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:17.450668+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:17.549+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1460497</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Taco Casserole</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>In a large skillet over medium high heat saute the onion, bell pepper, seasonings, and ground beef until the beef is no longer pink. Drain any remaining grease. Transfer the beef mixture to a medium sized bowl.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add drained corn and tomatoes to the beef mixture and stir until combined.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>In the bottom of a prepared baking dish start making layers with the tortilla pieces, beef mixture, and top with a layer of cheese. Repeat the layers until the casserole dish is filled and add a layer of cheese on top.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Bake in the oven for 20 minutes.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>30</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1460497.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:45.480491+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:16:45.611+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1504225</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Copycat Chick Fil A Chicken Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Combine the chicken, relish, celery, mayonnaise, eggs, and salt and pepper until mixed well. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add lettuce leaves to sliced bread</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Top the bread with chicken salad and serve.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1504225.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:25.363553+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:24:25.464+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1505411</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Ground Beef Street Tacos</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Cook ground beef with seasonings until meat is no longer pink. Set aside.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Warm tortilla shells in the oven on 300 degrees Fahrenheit for 7 minutes or in a skillet on medium-high heat for 30-45 seconds on each side.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Scoop ground beef mixture into the tortillas.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Add sliced onion, cherry tomatoes, shredded cheese, and cilantro.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Squeeze the fresh lime juice on top.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Top with pico de gallo, fresh avocado, or fresh salsa.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>20</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1505411.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:22.397461+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:22.497+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1512847</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Egg Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Instructions</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Slice avocado and add them to a medium bowl with boiled eggs.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Mash and mix the avocado and eggs until you have medium/large chunks.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> Add in lemon juice, cilantro, salt, pepper, and mayo. Mix well. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Serve on your favorite bread, bagel, or as a salad.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>10</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1512847.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:17.660231+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:09:17.816+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1681409</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Avocado Sweet Lassi - How to make Avocado Lassi - Indian Avocado</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Take the avocado, yogurt, cardamom powder and sugar in a blender and blend until creamy.</p>

<p>Add water and blend until well combined.</p>

<p>If you want a thin consistency, adjust the amount of the water.</p>

<p>Pour it into glasses and add ice cubes.</p>

<p>Serve chilled.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>6</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>5</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1681409.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:47.140983+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:08:47.273+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1697647</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Loaded Macaroni Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Start by boiling your pasta in salted water. Once the pasta is finished cooking, drain it and allow it to cool while you’re assembling all the other ingredients.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise and Greek yogurt. Mix well with a spoon, then add mustard and vinegar and mix well again.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>Place cooked and cooled pasta in a large bowl and toss with dressing. Add salt and pepper, and taste. Then, add remaining ingredients and toss well with a large wooden spoon. Allow to chill in the fridge for a hour or so before serving. Enjoy!</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>16</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>25</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1697647.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:54.114662+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 23:14:54.266+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1747693</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Your Basic Low Carb Breakfast</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Cook 2 eggs to any style of your liking &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Microwave 2 strips of Kirkland Signature Fully-Cooked Bacon to your desired level of crispiness&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice the avocado in half and scoop out the insides &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Slice strawberries into 1/2 measuring cup &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Enjoy!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt;</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>1</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>7</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1747693.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:30.732405+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:30.835+00</p>
</td></tr><tr class="ro1"><td style="text-align:right; width:1.7689in; " class="Default">
<p>1847920</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Healthy Quinoa Salad</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>Prepare quinoa according to package directions using vegetable broth instead of water.</p>

<p>Dice all the vegetables, except edamame.</p>

<p>In a large bowl combine cooked quinoa and all vegetables.</p>

<p>Juice one lime over bowl, stir to combine.</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>4</p>
</td><td style="text-align:right; width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>45</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>https://xeucxcfsrxiytajlaskq.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/recipe-images/1847920.jpg</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:06.415961+00</p>
</td><td style="text-align:left;width:0.889in; " class="Default">
<p>2026-03-14 22:23:06.518+00</p>
</td></tr></table></body>

</html>
